tiny dessert was $ 8 . 00 . . . just plain overpriced for what it is .	tiny dessert	PAIR
love the enchiladas and chicken soup - and be sure to check out their specials .	love specials	UNPAIR
the anti - pasta was excellent , especially the calamari , as were the filling pasta mains .	excellent anti - pasta	PAIR
even though the place is not beautiful , the food speaks for itself .	not beautiful food	UNPAIR
just because it ' s cheap does not mean the portions are small or the food is nasty , it is great !	nasty portions	UNPAIR
every time i have a special occasion with my boyfriend i have a hard time going anywhere else .	special time	UNPAIR
i rejected it because in the process of attempting to fix the eggs they broke something else in the dish and i was too frustrated to continue .	frustrated process	UNPAIR
all of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better !	terrific pizzas	PAIR
i almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and i would hate for it too become to crowded .	great review	UNPAIR
the hostess was very pleasant .	pleasant hostess	PAIR
food is usually very good , though ocasionally i wondered about freshmess of raw vegatables in side orders .	good food	PAIR
their apps are all delicious .	delicious apps	PAIR
good luck getting a table .	good table	UNPAIR
for my entr & eacute ; e , i completely enjoyed the seared alaskan sea scallops complemented by chard , artichoke hearts , fennel , and pecorino toscano .	enjoyed seared alaskan sea scallops	PAIR
also it ' s great to have dinner in a very romantic and comfortable place , the service it ' s just perfect . . . they ' re so frendly that we never want to live the place !	the just	UNPAIR
and the service was simply spendid - quite a delight .	delight service	PAIR
the pasta was well cooked , did n ' t have enough sauce though or flavor .	enough sauce	UNPAIR
their calzones are horrific , bad , vomit - inducing , yuck .	vomit - inducing calzones	PAIR
do n ' t dine at tamarind for the vegetarian dishes , they are simply not up to par with the non - veg selections .	not up to par non - veg selections	UNPAIR
my friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better .	better friend	UNPAIR
food was amazing - i love indian food and eat it quite regularly , but i can say this is one of the best i ' ve had .	amazing food	PAIR
caution - its real food for people who love the best .	best food	PAIR
great bottle of wine .	great bottle of wine	PAIR
our experience did not ever get any better .	better experience	UNPAIR
i ' ve been there three times and have always had wonderful experiences .	wonderful experiences	UNPAIR
go with some friends , wait the half hour or so with a cup of joe , and enjoy more than your average breakfast .	more joe	UNPAIR
skip this restaurant , it ' s a big disappointment .	skip restaurant	PAIR
the bibimbap was average , but the stone bowl was n ' t even close to sizzling .	average stone bowl	UNPAIR
if you want good authentic thai this place is not the place to go .	authentic thai	PAIR
it was well worth the wait .	worth wait	UNPAIR
i liked the atmosphere very much but the food was not worth the price .	liked food	UNPAIR
who has room for cheesesticks with the best pizza in nyc !	best pizza	PAIR
you can not go wrong at the red eye grill .	wrong red eye grill	PAIR
our waiter was non - existent and after our food finally arrived over an hour after we ordered , we were not given any water or utensils .	non - existent waiter	PAIR
what really makes it shine is the food , which is aggressively seasoned with cyrpriot spices , and all made in - house ( even the gyro meat and sausages ) , and made of much higher quality ingredients that might otherwise be expected .	in - house ingredients	UNPAIR
will prob . not return but it is a great dinning experience to try at least once .	great experience	UNPAIR
never have i had such dramatic delivery guys ( a lot of huffing and panting and muttering under breath b / c i live in a walkup ) who always seem disappointed with their tips .	dramatic walkup	UNPAIR
the food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions .	large portions	PAIR
the food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes .	average or above food	PAIR
in an area sadly lacking in decent thai food , this is one of the best spots .	decent thai food	PAIR
nice ambience , but highly overrated place .	overrated ambience	UNPAIR
food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when i went .	terrific food	UNPAIR
he offers subpar service and has no personality .	subpar service	PAIR
also , do n ' t plan on asking for your favorite roll , if it ' s not on the menu , you ca n ' t have it .	favorite t plan	UNPAIR
it was $ 14 not really bad for a pound of pastrami - but it did n ' t have much taste - i ' ve had better for less elsewhere !	much taste	UNPAIR
service was slow , but the people were friendly .	slow service	PAIR
love yuka .	love yuka	PAIR
the meat is fresh , the sauces are great , you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and service is good too .	great salad	UNPAIR
the chana masala ( garbanzo beans ) are also excellent .	also chana masala ( garbanzo beans )	PAIR
as always we had a great glass of wine while we waited .	great glass of wine	PAIR
– my husband and i love eating at mioposto cafe .	love mioposto cafe	PAIR
great food , better margaritas !	great margaritas	UNPAIR
the steak was done to my exact liking ( medium rare ) and was nice and juicy .	juicy steak	PAIR
it ' s a great place to enjoy food and meet friends .	great food	UNPAIR
my husbands was perfect , my was well done and dry .	well done husbands	UNPAIR
the svc can be a bit rude at times , esp if you have big group , but overall the restaurant is a must !	must svc	UNPAIR
– the atmosphere is great for any special occasion you might want to celebrate .	special atmosphere	UNPAIR
best in all of nyc	best nyc	UNPAIR
– mioposto has a very creative & delicious pizza menu .	delicious pizza menu	PAIR
it is n ' t the cheapest sushi but has been worth it every time .	worth time	UNPAIR
not one of our meals was edible - bland and / or made with weird rosemary or orange flavoring .	edible meals	PAIR
we went around 9 : 30 on a friday and it had died down a bit by then so the service was great !	great bit	UNPAIR
we were seated right away , the table was private and nice .	private table	PAIR
the wait staff is pleasant , fun , and for the most part gorgeous ( in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way , not in that she ' s - way - cuter - than - me - that - b @ # $ * way ) .	pleasant beautification way	UNPAIR
it ' s located in a strip mall near the beverly center , not the greatest location , but the food keeps me coming back for more .	not the greatest location	PAIR
the food arrived 20 minutes after i called , cold and soggy .	cold food	PAIR
we were greeted promptly by the waiter who was very nice and cordial .	cordial waiter	PAIR
the hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out .	rude everything	UNPAIR
we easily spent more than $ 40 per person ( not including alcohol ) and were still hungry .	hungry alcohol	UNPAIR
traditional french decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation .	pleasant traditional french decour	PAIR
but once done , it ' s not too much dough , not too much cheese , not too much sauce .	much cheese	UNPAIR
in summer - eat outside on a terrace ( another great feature of suan ) ! ! !	great suan	UNPAIR
the price was right too .	right price	UNPAIR
polite acknowledgement is out ;	polite acknowledgement	UNPAIR
we are locals , and get the feeling the only way this place survives with such average food is because most customers are probably one - time customer tourists .	average food	PAIR
great food with an awesome atmosphere !	awesome food	UNPAIR
– eggs , pancakes , potatoes , fresh fruit and yogurt - - everything they serve is delicious .	delicious everything	UNPAIR
the decor is rustic , traditional japanese .	traditional japanese decor	PAIR
i really loved the different and inovated touch that ' s the cheff gives to the food .	loved food	UNPAIR
we were ushered to the bar to wait momentarily and upon arrival were so excited .	excited arrival	UNPAIR
excellent atmosphere , delicious dishes good and friendly service .	excellent atmosphere	PAIR
we ate at this thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods .	thai place	UNPAIR
– pretty cheap for sit down mexican and downtown .	mexican downtown	UNPAIR
not only is it an adventure getting to this somewhat hidden spot , once you enter the unmarked wooden doors , the zen and intimate decor will make you feel like you ’ re no longer in the city .	hidden spot	PAIR
the pastas are incredible , the risottos ( particularly the sepia ) are fantastic and the braised rabbit is amazing .	amazing braised rabbit	PAIR
the view is spectacular , and the food is great .	spectacular view	PAIR
the restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal	noisy meal	UNPAIR
the meat is fresh , the sauces are great , you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and service is good too .	free kimchi	PAIR
and the upstairs is a great place to hang out .	great upstairs	PAIR
nothing really came across as outstanding .	outstanding nothing	UNPAIR
i ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive .	expensive week	UNPAIR
i recommend the jelly fish , drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings , certainly the stir fry blue crab .	recommend soupy dumplings	PAIR
the have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious , if i must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini .	delicious food	PAIR
my friend enjoyed the grilled alaskan king salmon with delectable creamed washington russet potatoes and crisp green beans .	enjoyed creamed washington russet potatoes	UNPAIR
maybe i ' ll go back once more many years from now when i ' ve forgotten i went there already .	many years	UNPAIR
they have a delicious banana chocolate dessert , as well as a great green tea tempura .	delicious banana chocolate dessert	PAIR
the crowd is mixed yuppies , young and old .	young crowd	UNPAIR
i think i have probably tried each item on their menu at least once it is all excellent .	least menu	UNPAIR
worth the trip from manhattan .	worth trip	UNPAIR
the flavors are amazing and the value is phenomenal .	amazing value	UNPAIR
while the ambiance and atmosphere were great , the food and service could have been a lot better .	great food	UNPAIR
the food is very good , but not outstanding .	good food	PAIR
the dosas are skimpy , unattractive and drip with grease , and personally i ' d drink popcorn topping before i ' d eat another one of these .	unattractive dosas	PAIR
for a restaurant with such a good reputation and that is usually so packed , there was no reason for such a lack of intelligent customer service .	intelligent customer service	PAIR
reliable , fresh sushi	fresh sushi	PAIR
toons has recently been redone , so it ' s now a very attractive space .	attractive toons	PAIR
delicious crab cakes too .	delicious crab cakes	PAIR
it ' s the perfect spot for a romantic date for 2 or a secret rendezvous !	perfect spot	PAIR
it gets really busy , so get there on the early side so you can grab a seat , if you do have to wait , its not bad because the service is quick !	busy seat	UNPAIR
but the service was a bit slow .	slow bit	UNPAIR
i asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere !	cheese sandwich	UNPAIR
this is the most wonderful restaurant in all of new york city , not just brooklyn . . .	wonderful york city	UNPAIR
but once done , it ' s not too much dough , not too much cheese , not too much sauce .	much cheese	UNPAIR
great neighborhood joint .	great joint	PAIR
traditional french decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation .	pleasant hall	UNPAIR
– this is my ` ` must bring out of town guests to ' ' restaurant and they always enjoy and rave about it .	enjoy town guests	UNPAIR
they have a wide variety of fish and they even list which oceans they come from ; atlantic or pacific .	atlantic fish	UNPAIR
i found it on a cold night , the perfect spot to warm up .	cold night	UNPAIR
we thought the dessert would be better , wrong !	wrong dessert	UNPAIR
i swore never to return for a warm beer and mediocre meal .	warm beer	PAIR
one of my favorite places in brooklyn .	favorite brooklyn	UNPAIR
i found the food to be outstanding , particulary the salmon dish i had .	outstanding salmon dish	PAIR
love the atmosphere - felt like i was in paris .	love paris	UNPAIR
portions was just enough for me , but may not be for a big eater .	enough portions	PAIR
best of all is the warm vibe , the owner is super friendly and service is fast .	friendly vibe	UNPAIR
at $ 120 for two people , however , this in no way represents value , unless you ' re looking to pay by the hour for passive - aggressive torture .	passive - aggressive way	UNPAIR
after really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner .	enjoying dinner	UNPAIR
we took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it .	worth half price sushi deal	PAIR
it is nearly impossible to get a table , so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner , do not pass it up .	impossible chance	UNPAIR
i had never had edamame pureed before but i thought it was innovative and tasty ( could ' ve used a bit more salt ) .	tasty edamame pureed	PAIR
more williamsburg garbage	williamsburg garbage	UNPAIR
the pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap , frozen , shredded cheese common to most pizzaria ' s .	fresh mozzarella	PAIR
personally i like the margherita pizza better , but they are all good .	good margherita pizza	PAIR
the sake menu should not be overlooked !	overlooked sake menu	PAIR
this place is worth an one - hour drive .	worth hour drive	UNPAIR
the food is amazing . . . especially if you get the chef ' s tasting menu and your favourite bottle ( or two ! ) of wine from an extensive selection of wines .	extensive selection of wines	PAIR
first of all , this place is * not * romantic , as claimed by citysearch ' s editorial review .	* not * romantic editorial review	UNPAIR
i have been to casimir over 5 times and i have always had a great time there .	great time casimir	PAIR
the staff was really friendly .	friendly staff	PAIR
rude service , medicore food . . . there are tons of restaurants in ny . . . stay away from this one	rude service	PAIR
calling the place hampton chutney co . does warn you that these folks offer more style than substance , but in this unattractive room with unhelpful clerks there was a dearth of the former too .	unhelpful room	UNPAIR
but for the shabu shabu , you wo n ' t find much better in ny .	much shabu shabu	UNPAIR
the service is fantastic at this fun place .	fun place	PAIR
this is right up there with places in tokyo as far as the freshness is concerned .	right tokyo	UNPAIR
rice is too dry , tuna was n ' t so fresh either .	dry tuna	UNPAIR
wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well !	wonderful strawberry daiquiries	PAIR
great friendly service , fast seating , fast delivery , excellent sushi .	fast delivery	PAIR
the place is a bistro which means : simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere .	bustling dishes	UNPAIR
our family never expected such incredible entertainment in a restaurant .	incredible restaurant	UNPAIR
the brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal .	cute brioche and lollies	PAIR
the appetizers we ordered were served quickly - an order of fried oysters and clams were delicious but a tiny portion ( maybe 3 of each ) .	quickly fried oysters and clams	UNPAIR
when i walked in , i was taken aback by their incredible wood decor .	incredible wood decor	PAIR
well , this place is so ghetto its not even funny .	not even funny place	PAIR
the pancakes should be larger ( at least 8 ' ' ) to justify the expense even with the unique offerings .	larger offerings	UNPAIR
can get busy on fridays for a table but once seated , the service is so efficient you can be in and out of there quickly .	efficient service	PAIR
service was devine , oysters where a sensual as they come , and the price ca n ' t be beat ! ! !	sensual service	UNPAIR
we are for sure coming back to this restaurant .	sure restaurant	UNPAIR
as a retired hipster , i can say with some degree of certainty that for the last year lucky strike has been the best laid - back late night in the city .	best lucky strike	PAIR
some pineapple covered in a glaze of some kind and some pear tart thing not impressive at all .	tart thing	UNPAIR
the place was nice and calm .	calm place	PAIR
if you ' re in the area you should n ' t be disappointed .	n ' t be disappointed area	UNPAIR
get the pepperoni - yum - and a family style salad .	yum pepperoni	PAIR
excellent food for great prices	great prices	UNPAIR
poor service and management	poor management	PAIR
we were greeted promptly by the waiter who was very nice and cordial .	promptly waiter	UNPAIR
never swaying , never a bad meal , never bad service . . .	never a bad service	UNPAIR
the first time the sushi was outstanding , the second time it was a little bland .	outstanding sushi	PAIR
this is the best shabu - shabu restaurant in the try - state area .	best shabu - shabu restaurant	PAIR
inexpensive , unassuming , great time !	unassuming time	UNPAIR
the food is all shared so we get to order together and eat together .	shared order	UNPAIR
save room for scrumptious desserts .	scrumptious room	UNPAIR
overpriced japanese food with mediocre service	overpriced service	UNPAIR
the pizza is overpriced and soggy .	overpriced pizza	PAIR
i like cafe noir dont get me wrong , it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent ! !	incompetent cafe noir	UNPAIR
the staff was the friendliest that have seen in new york .	friendliest staff	PAIR
the wine list is interesting and has many good values .	interesting wine list	PAIR
i have never left a restaurant feeling as if i was abused , and wasted my hard earned money .	hard money	UNPAIR
the level of rudeness was preposterous .	preposterous level	UNPAIR
if you ' re interested in good tasting ( without the fish taste or smell ) , large portions and creative sushi dishes this is your place . . .	creative portions	UNPAIR
the portion sizes here are huge , and the sushi is good .	huge sushi	UNPAIR
i like cafe noir dont get me wrong , it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent ! !	evil cafe noir	UNPAIR
they smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone .	canned vegetables	UNPAIR
service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great .	not that great ambience	PAIR
not sure why this restaurant would be rated that highly .	highly restaurant	PAIR
their calzones are horrific , bad , vomit - inducing , yuck .	bad calzones	PAIR
amazing fun for hot dog lovers of all ages please do yourself a favor and check this place out ! ! ! !	amazing fun hot dog	PAIR
i should have just asked for the check when i saw that ; but their menu was so unique that i continued .	unique check	UNPAIR
this was my frist time at cafe st . bart ' s and i must say how delicious the food and the service was .	delicious bart	UNPAIR
the prior reviews said kid friendly . . . give me a break with two young children that is light years .	prior kid	UNPAIR
everything we had was good or ok . . . . but definitely nothing great .	nothing great everything	UNPAIR
parking is reasonably good , they have their own lot and you can park in the park nearby .	own lot	UNPAIR
the tables are crammed way too close , the menu is typical of any italian restaurant , and the wine list is simply overpriced .	overpriced tables	UNPAIR
the view is spectacular , and the food is great .	spectacular food	UNPAIR
service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category .	joint price category	UNPAIR
this is where it really really gets bad : the manager said , there is absolutely nothing we can do , it ' s a matter of taste that she did n ' t like it , and i can not comp it .	bad matter	UNPAIR
it ' s located in a strip mall near the beverly center , not the greatest location , but the food keeps me coming back for more .	not the greatest food	UNPAIR
sometimes i get good food and ok service .	good service	UNPAIR
the manager came to the table and said we can do what we want , so we paid for what we did enjoy , the drinks and appetizers , and walked out .	enjoy manager	UNPAIR
they ' re rude at times , and not very friendly .	not very friendly times	UNPAIR
fresh , mind blowing flavors .	fresh flavors	UNPAIR
try the crunchy tuna , it is to die for .	die for crunchy tuna	PAIR
my husband said he could ' ve eaten several more , the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had .	best french fries	PAIR
seattle ' s best winelist	best seattle	UNPAIR
we had half / half pizza , mine was eggplant and my friend had the buffalo and it was sooo huge for a small size pizza !	small friend	UNPAIR
this place has totally weird decor , stairs going up with mirrored walls - i am surprised how no one yet broke their head or fall off the stairs - mirrored walls make you dizzy and delusional . . .	weird decor	PAIR
volare virgins or weekly regulars , everyone gets treated the same and you ca n ' t ask for more than that when the service is this friendly .	weekly ask	UNPAIR
the service is good and the resturant is clean .	clean service	UNPAIR
the presentation of the food was an added bonus , it looked just as great as it tasted !	added food	UNPAIR
the pizza itself is not exactly the best i ' ve had ever , but still pretty good .	good pizza	PAIR
the 9 oz steak came next and it tasted great , at least initially .	great 9 oz steak	PAIR
this place blew me away . . . by far my new favorite restaurant on the uppereast side .	favorite place	PAIR
the veal and the mushrooms were cooked perfectly .	perfectly mushrooms	PAIR
this place is pricey , and yes , the food is worth it ; but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price .	 place	PAIR
the people that work there are always so friendly you forget you are in new york sometimes .	friendly york	UNPAIR
the food is so cheap and the waiters are nice .	cheap food	PAIR
the food was great !	great food	PAIR
the food is fantastic , and the waiting staff has been perfect every single time we ' ve been there .	fantastic food	PAIR
the takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well .	high quality tupperware	UNPAIR
just remember to dress a little urban - chic so you don ? t look too far out of place .	urban place	UNPAIR
best italian food i ever had ( and being italian , that means alot ) .	best italian food	PAIR
i book a gorgeous white organza tent which included a four course prix fix menu which we enjoyed a lot .	gorgeous four course prix fix menu	UNPAIR
i highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks !	recommend restaurant	PAIR
i had never had edamame pureed before but i thought it was innovative and tasty ( could ' ve used a bit more salt ) .	tasty salt	UNPAIR
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere .	nice food	UNPAIR
fresh ingrediants and super tasty .	super ingrediants	UNPAIR
the exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations .	beautifully presented exotic food	PAIR
open & cool place with the best pizza and coffee	best place	UNPAIR
service was devine , oysters where a sensual as they come , and the price ca n ' t be beat ! ! !	devine service	PAIR
great meal – the fish on the omikase platter was absolutely decadent - - there was none of the stringiness that sometimes accompanies fair sushi - - this fish was perfect ! ! ! !	decadent meal	UNPAIR
not sure why this restaurant would be rated that highly .	sure restaurant	UNPAIR
guacamole + shrimp appetizer was really great , we both had the filet , very good , did n ' t much like the frites that came with , but the filet was so good , neither of us cared .	good frites	UNPAIR
in summer - eat outside on a terrace ( another great feature of suan ) ! ! !	great terrace	PAIR
fair menu selection .	fair menu selection	PAIR
awesome find	awesome find	UNPAIR
in other words , if they are n ' t making $ $ off of you then you do n ' t rate high on their ' service scale ' .	other words	UNPAIR
great friendly service , fast seating , fast delivery , excellent sushi .	great service	PAIR
if you are going for the food , it will not be worth it .	worth food	PAIR
we are locals , and get the feeling the only way this place survives with such average food is because most customers are probably one - time customer tourists .	average place	UNPAIR
the rest of the dim sum , though pricey by chinatown standards , is worth it .	chinatown standards	UNPAIR
thanks bloom ' s for a lovely trip .	lovely trip	UNPAIR
i was visiting new york city with a friend and we discovered this really warm and inviting restaurant .	warm restaurant	PAIR
after sitting there with my empty glass for over 20 minutes i left .	empty minutes	UNPAIR
i have never ever had such an unpleasant experience .	unpleasant experience	UNPAIR
we were not dissappointed in the least bit by this little gem .	least bit	UNPAIR
fancy pieces of exotic fish on a $ 100 dollar plate and not one was eatable .	fancy exotic fish	PAIR
even if the food was n ' t this good , the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax .	great food	UNPAIR
the manager came to the table and said we can do what we want , so we paid for what we did enjoy , the drinks and appetizers , and walked out .	enjoy drinks	PAIR
we have been to this place many times , and always have great food , wine , and service .	great service	PAIR
best chinese food i have tasted in a long time	best chinese food	PAIR
by far the best salad i have had in a fast food restaurant .	best salad	PAIR
the food was ok , but the service was so poor that the food was cold buy the time everyone in my party was served .	poor service	PAIR
i got the $ 10 10 - piece dim sum combo , every bite of which was great .	i $ 10 10 - piece dim sum combo	PAIR
the music playing was very hip , 20 - 30 something pop music , but the subwoofer to the sound system was located under my seat , which became annoying midway through dinner .	very music	PAIR
i ' ve never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious .	fresh service	UNPAIR
the waiter was attentive , the food was delicious and the views of the city were great .	attentive waiter	PAIR
mama mia – i live in the neighborhood and feel lucky to live by such a great pizza place .	great neighborhood	UNPAIR
but the best part about ls is the late night atmosphere , delightfully free of the bts .	best late night atmosphere	PAIR
can get busy on fridays for a table but once seated , the service is so efficient you can be in and out of there quickly .	busy service	UNPAIR
we ate out in the back patio , which is worth it as it ' s cool and the music is hear well there .	worth back patio	PAIR
all the people that i bring there go back on their own and bring their friends !	own friends	UNPAIR
the only thing i moderately enjoyed was their grilled chicken special with edamame puree .	only grilled chicken special with edamame puree	UNPAIR
the service was excellent and the food was delicious .	delicious food	PAIR
a cozy spot for 2	cozy spot	PAIR
this is one of my favorite spot , very relaxing the food is great all the times , celebrated my engagement and my wedding here , it was very well organized .	relaxing food	UNPAIR
at this point , the waitress comes over and asks us if everything was okay , i was literally so shocked that i was speechless and did n ' t say anything , and guess what , the waitress walked away .	shocked point	UNPAIR
great staff .	great staff	PAIR
lucky strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat .	casual bite	UNPAIR
imagine my happy surprise upon finding that the views are only the third - best thing about ray ' s !	third - best ray ' s	UNPAIR
i ' ve always found the wait staff and , if you sit at the bar , the cooks very friendly .	friendly bar	UNPAIR
this restaurant was way overhyped .	overhyped restaurant	PAIR
for my entr & eacute ; e , i completely enjoyed the seared alaskan sea scallops complemented by chard , artichoke hearts , fennel , and pecorino toscano .	enjoyed hearts	UNPAIR
be sure to try the seasonal , and always delicious , specials .	sure specials	UNPAIR
– i took my parents here for their anniversary - very very disappointed ! ! !	anniversary parents	UNPAIR
excellent food , nice ambience , fairly expensive	excellent food	PAIR
it ' s one of our favorite places to eat in ny .	favorite places	UNPAIR
check out the art on the walls , very colorful !	colorful art on the walls	PAIR
the jukebox plays everything from italian opera to the strokes .	italian jukebox	UNPAIR
for a fabulous wedding !	fabulous wedding	UNPAIR
i highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks !	recommend dinner	UNPAIR
the sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned .	proportioned sushi	PAIR
one of the best sushi place in town .	best town	UNPAIR
this guy refused to seat her and she left , followed shortly by the four of us , but not before i told him that in my 40 years of world travel , including paris , that i had never seen such a display of bad behavior by a frontman in a restaurant .	bad behavior	UNPAIR
– i will never forget the amazing meal , service , and ambiance i experience at this restaurant .	amazing meal	PAIR
great pizza for lunch place .	lunch pizza	UNPAIR
a large is $ 20 , and toppings are about $ 3 each .	large toppings	UNPAIR
the food was well prepared and the service impecable .	well prepared food	PAIR
i highly recommend the fish tacos , everything else was ok .	recommend fish tacos	PAIR
the ambience was nice , but service was n ' t so great .	was n ' t so great service	PAIR
the perfect spot .	perfect spot	PAIR
all considered , i have to say that ray ' s boathouse is deserving of its title as a seattle institution .	seattle title	UNPAIR
we even had a visit from the manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves .	sure manager	UNPAIR
while i could have done without the youth who shared the evening with us , our wonderful server and food made the experience a very positive one .	wonderful food	PAIR
each time we ' ve been , the front of house staff ( not the waiters - they ' re fantastic - but the people who greet and seat you ) has been so hideous to us that were it not for the exceptional fish dishes i would never return .	exceptional fish dishes	PAIR
i would say that all was fine and tasty but the heaviness on my stomach someting that i ca n ' t not mention or undermine .	heaviness mention	UNPAIR
if there is a line very day of the week for the entire time a place is open , you know it is great .	great place	PAIR
also have great margaritas !	great margaritas	PAIR
if there is a line very day of the week for the entire time a place is open , you know it is great .	entire time	UNPAIR
my mom originally introduced me to this place , but even she ( being indian ) feels the food can be somewhat over the top spicy and far too oily .	spicy food	PAIR
poor customer service / poor pizza .	poor customer service	PAIR
and the waiter suggested a perfect sake ! !	perfect waiter	UNPAIR
it is obvious that no one in the restaurant has any idea about or experience with japanese cuisine .	obvious japanese cuisine	UNPAIR
the place ' s decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh .	good laugh place	UNPAIR
his response was smug , arrogant , and condescending , totally consistent with his deportment on display all evening .	arrogant display	UNPAIR
it ' s a great place to order from or sit - in .	great place	PAIR
the place has a nice fit - out , some attractive furnishings and , from what i could tell , a reasonable wine list ( i was given the food menu when i asked for the carte des vins )	reasonable furnishings	UNPAIR
no gimmicks here - - the food speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation .	freshness gimmicks	UNPAIR
– it is sad to see a place that was once ` ` the ' ' place to meet and eat for bfast or lunch , now be the place that is a big ` ` dont bother . ' '	sad lunch	UNPAIR
food is usually very good , though ocasionally i wondered about freshmess of raw vegatables in side orders .	wondered about freshmess food	UNPAIR
the food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes .	average or above dishes	UNPAIR
great food , good size menu , great service and an unpretensious setting .	unpretensious setting	PAIR
overall the food quality was pretty good , though i hear the salmon is much better when it has n ' t sat cooling in front of the guest .	good food	PAIR
the food is good , i ca n ' t lie .	good food	PAIR
the place ' s decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh .	good laugh decor	PAIR
the staff was the friendliest that have seen in new york .	friendliest york	UNPAIR
quite frankly , this is some of the worst sushi i have ever tried .	worst sushi	PAIR
– we were treated very rudely here one time for breakfast .	rudely breakfast	UNPAIR
everything on the menu is great .	great menu	PAIR
maybe it is good for that one night once in a blue moon when the chefs decide to use fish that ' s half - way decent .	good half	UNPAIR
my mouth felt very dry afterwards and i had that signature ? msg ? taste lingering in my throat after i left the restaurant .	dry mouth	UNPAIR
a brief conversation with the manager at the end of the meal was the greatest disappointment - - to say we had been ` ` blown off ' ' would be an understatement .	understatement manager	UNPAIR
i had fish and my husband had the filet - both of which exceeded our expectations .	exceeded our expectations fish	PAIR
i have worked in restaurants and cook a lot , and there is no way a maggot should be able to get into well prepared food .	well prepared food	PAIR
personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights .	perfect personal pans	PAIR
the owner and staff are all japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance .	adds owner	UNPAIR
for instance , plates were just dumped on the table , i was handed the wine list upside down , etc . . . .	wine plates	UNPAIR
i have never left a restaurant feeling as if i was abused , and wasted my hard earned money .	abused restaurant	PAIR
our food was great too !	great food	PAIR
on a recent sunday afternoon , a friend and i accidently found this great restaurant on our way to see the pulitzer prize winning play doubt .	recent restaurant	UNPAIR
cirspy crust margherita pizza	cirspy margherita pizza	PAIR
overall , excellent restaurant !	excellent restaurant	PAIR
we did arrive late for our reservation so i can not complain too much about the wait for a table .	arrive wait	UNPAIR
the food is fantastic , and the waiting staff has been perfect every single time we ' ve been there .	fantastic waiting staff	UNPAIR
i have a but here - there was a bathroom attendant in the restroom which was odd .	odd restroom	PAIR
again , no apology , no is there anything else i can get you , no can i get you a drink to make up for it , nothing ! ! ! !	nothing apology	UNPAIR
great indian food	great indian food	PAIR
much more than just a great view !	more view	UNPAIR
i looove their eggplant pizza , as well as their pastas !	looove pastas	UNPAIR
the food is authentic italian - delicious !	authentic food	PAIR
i found the food , service and value exceptional everytime i have been there .	exceptional everytime i	UNPAIR
if i want to stand in line on sunday for an hour to get average brunch food , then i would put murphy ' s at the top of the list .	average top	UNPAIR
good creative rolls !	creative rolls	PAIR
not only can the selection be innovative , but there ' s a nice balance of traditional sushi as well .	nice sushi	PAIR
the service was excellent , the coffee was good even by starbucks standards and the food was outstanding .	good coffee	PAIR
i completely recommend casa la femme for any special occasion and to really impress your date .	recommend occasion	UNPAIR
service here was great , food was fantastic .	fantastic food	PAIR
the lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with scallops and shrimp is great .	great lobster sandwich	UNPAIR
– in a age of incremental cost cutting in restaurants , its nice to see a place that bucks that trend , and just plain delivers high quality food and good service , period .	high quality food	PAIR
we were drawn into the belly dancing show that captivated the crowd .	captivated belly dancing show	PAIR
we ate at this thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods .	unhappy place	UNPAIR
lobster was good , nothing spectacular .	good lobster	PAIR
my husband said he could ' ve eaten several more , the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had .	fine french fries	UNPAIR
it is set far from the small street it ' s on , and there is no traffic noise .	small street	UNPAIR
in the end you end up with a fair tab and nothing but a great time ! ! !	great nothing	UNPAIR
great service .	great service	PAIR
food was very good , but not what i would consider out of this world .	good world	UNPAIR
great food , spectacular location , and friendly service keep us coming back year after year .	spectacular location	PAIR
– i am exceedingly pleased to report that my dinner at ray ' s boathouse last friday completely exceeded my expectations .	friday ray ' s boathouse	UNPAIR
a restaurant that does n ' t try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere .	great service	PAIR
im not necessarily fanatical about this place , but it was a fun time for low pirces .	fun place	UNPAIR
the presentation of snooze is excellent and it is one of those places that you feel more sophisticated just for being there ; but peel back the layers and you have an overpriced ihop with a high brow menu .	excellent menu	UNPAIR
we have gone for dinner only a few times but the same great quality and service is given .	great dinner	PAIR
great hot dogs !	great hot dogs	PAIR
go with some friends , wait the half hour or so with a cup of joe , and enjoy more than your average breakfast .	enjoy breakfast	PAIR
in grammercy / union square / east village this is my neighbors and my favorite spot .	favorite grammercy / union square /	UNPAIR
quite simply it ' s like stepping out of manhattan and into a haven of tranquility .	tranquility manhattan	UNPAIR
my wife also ordered a teapot of hot water ( she had a sore throat ) and i guess that since it was only water , it was n ' t a priority for them to actually bring it .	hot wife	UNPAIR
i attended a holiday dinner at the restaurant , and the food was majorly disappointing .	disappointing restaurant	UNPAIR
we went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a saturday , and i was thoroughly impressed with the food .	impressed food	PAIR
we all agreed that mare is one of the best seafood restaurants in new york .	new york	UNPAIR
the staff is incredibly helpful and attentive .	attentive staff	PAIR
although the tables may be closely situated , the candle - light , food - quality and service overcompensate .	overcompensate candle - light	PAIR
this is a great place to take out - of - towners , and perfect for watching the sunset .	great perfect	UNPAIR
the service was terrible , we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served .	several thing	UNPAIR
everything was going good until we got our meals .	good meals	UNPAIR
the prices were cheap compared to the quality of service and food .	cheap food	UNPAIR
the service is amazing , i ' ve had different waiters and they were all nice , which is a rare thing in nyc .	nice service	UNPAIR
i would highly recommand requesting a table by the window .	recommand table by the window	PAIR
– the pepperoni ' s cut real thick - - yum .	thick pepperoni ' s	PAIR
great vibe , lots of people .	great people	UNPAIR
the best dish are the honwy walnut prawns - just outstanding .	best dish	UNPAIR
do n ' t judge this place prima facie , you have to try it to believe it , a home away from home for the literate heart .	literate heart	UNPAIR
my husbands birthday and my sons was not as it was intended . . . and we drove two hours to spend too much money to be treated terribly !	much husbands birthday	UNPAIR
this tiny restaurant is as cozy as it gets , with that certain parisian flair .	parisian restaurant	UNPAIR
we paid a fixed pricce but got nothing ! !	fixed pricce	UNPAIR
the entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner .	great dinner	UNPAIR
all in all we ' re already coming up with excuses to go ahead really soon in the next few wks ! ! ! !	few excuses	UNPAIR
our waitress was n ' t mean , but not especially warm or attentive either .	not especially warm or attentive waitress	PAIR
the food is decent at best , and the ambience , well , it ' s a matter of opinion , some may consider it to be a sweet thing , i thought it was just annoying .	decent food	PAIR
i went to areo on a sunday afternoon with four of my girlfriends , and spent three enjoyable hours there .	sunday hours	UNPAIR
my friends settled for rice dishes , but we came back the following day to try the dim sum , which was good . . . not outstanding , but good .	following dim sum	UNPAIR
melt in your mouth nigiri and sashmi , and very tasty rolls too .	tasty rolls	PAIR
my chicken was inedible as there were so many fatty lumps which i had to keep spitting out into my napkin .	inedible chicken	PAIR
chow fun was dry ; pork shu mai was more than usually greasy and had to share a table with loud and rude family .	loud chow fun	UNPAIR
we liked it so much , that we will always make it a point to dine here when we visit new york .	liked york	UNPAIR
the server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile .	cool smile	UNPAIR
it was worth the wait .	worth wait	UNPAIR
your a sushi fan , you love expertly cut fish , great sake , a killer soho location , and of course : salmon , tuna , fluke , yellow tail , cod , mackeral , jellyfish , sea urchin , shrimp , lobster , sea bream , trout , milk fish , blue fin tuna , eel , crab , sardine , monk fish , roe , scallop , oysters , and a varity of toro .	love monk fish	UNPAIR
their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic .	fantastic pad penang	UNPAIR
always busy but fast moving .	fast moving	UNPAIR
it ' s the perfect spot for a romantic date for 2 or a secret rendezvous !	romantic rendezvous	UNPAIR
the manager was rude and handled the situation extremely poorly .	rude manager	PAIR
after the 4th time i asked again and the waiter than said after our dinner .	4th time i	UNPAIR
the food is wonderful , tasty and filling , and the service is professional and friendly .	filling service	UNPAIR
prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant .	cramped prices	UNPAIR
the food is amazing . . . especially if you get the chef ' s tasting menu and your favourite bottle ( or two ! ) of wine from an extensive selection of wines .	extensive food	UNPAIR
the entire staff was extremely accomodating and tended to my every need .	accomodating need	UNPAIR
all in all , the food was great ( except for the dessserts ) .	great dessserts	UNPAIR
the bread we received was horrible - rock hard and cold - and the ` ` free ' ' appetizer of olives was disappointing .	disappointing appetizer of olives	PAIR
we stood there for 10 minutes while employees walked back and forth ignoring us .	ignoring employees	PAIR
food wise , its ok but a bit pricey for what you get considering the restaurant is n ' t a fancy place .	n ' t a fancy food	UNPAIR
the staff was very nice and courteous and obviously chinese .	nice staff	PAIR
most of the servers are very attentive , friendly and quite attractive .	friendly servers	PAIR
in fact , many want to return a second time during their visit .	second fact	UNPAIR
– the food was not great & the waiters were rude .	rude food	UNPAIR
despite the confusing mirrors this will likely be my go - to for modern japanese food for the foreseeable future .	go - to for modern japanese food	PAIR
i fell in love with the egg noodles in the beef broth with shrimp dumplings and slices of bbq roast pork .	love egg noodles in the beef broth with shrimp dumplings and slices of bbq roast pork	PAIR
sometimes i get bad food and bad service , sometimes i get good good and bad service .	good food	UNPAIR
there was no tap beer that evening , which was a disappointment .	tap beer	UNPAIR
and i hate to say this but i doubt i ' ll ever go back .	doubt hate	UNPAIR
the food is great , the bartenders go that extra mile .	great food	PAIR
she replied ` ` well it would be more convenient for us if you ordered now , since you are a larger party , and it might get crowded . ' '	larger convenient	UNPAIR
the waiter delivered our food while holding what appeared to be a plastic bag of garbage in one hand .	plastic food	UNPAIR
open late ( well as late as i ever got there and i ' m a night person )	late night person	UNPAIR
try the chef ' s choice for sushi as the smoked yellowtail was incredible and the rolls were also tasty .	incredible smoked yellowtail	PAIR
ambience is delightful , service impeccable .	impeccable service	PAIR
the drinks are amazing and half off till 8pm .	amazing drinks	PAIR
as usual the omikase did n ' t disappoint in freshness , although it scored low on creativity and selection .	n ' t disappoint selection	UNPAIR
the food is great and the environment is even better .	great food	PAIR
service was kind of slow , our waitress took forever to give us our check even though it was n ' t that busy .	slow service	PAIR
i plan on stopping by next week as well .	next i plan	UNPAIR
the nakgi - bokum was horrible .	horrible nakgi - bokum	PAIR
awsome pizza especially the margheritta slice .	awsome pizza	PAIR
quite simply it ' s like stepping out of manhattan and into a haven of tranquility .	tranquility haven	UNPAIR
the first time i went , and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere , i ordered the lobster cobb salad .	taken atmosphere	PAIR
this is an amazing place to try some roti rolls .	try roti rolls	PAIR
get the pepperoni - yum - and a family style salad .	yum family style salad	PAIR
i highly recommend this place to all that want to try indain food for the first time .	recommend place	UNPAIR
went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them .	table wife	UNPAIR
watch the talented belly dancers as you enjoy delicious baba ganoush that ' s more lemony than smoky .	enjoy delicious belly dancers	UNPAIR
a great place to meet up for some food and drinks . . .	great drinks	UNPAIR
okay - i do n ' t mind the oily part ( cause most are cooked that way ) but it was way too bland .	bland way	UNPAIR
i ' ve been to sapphire twice and both times the food was fine , if not good .	good food	UNPAIR
the sangria was pretty tasty and good on a hot muggy day .	good sangria	PAIR
salads are a delicious way to begin the meal .	delicious way	UNPAIR
it was n ' t the freshest seafood ever , but the taste and presentation was ok .	ok presentation	UNPAIR
the manager finally said he would com # # p the two glasses of wine ( which cost less than the food ) , and made it seem like a big concession .	big food	UNPAIR
the bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines .	interesting beers	PAIR
the dj is awesome , i have been there for my birthday and a bunch of other times with friends and i keep going back .	awesome dj	PAIR
too bad i had paid an extra $ 2 for the stone bowl .	bad stone bowl	PAIR
the dinner only took us about an hour and the prices were alright for the strip , almost $ 50 / pp after tax and tip ( about average ) .	alright strip	UNPAIR
the scallops are apparently cooked in a black olive butter which really makes them unique ( not to mention tasty ) .	tasty scallops	PAIR
the lobster sandwich is $ 24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price .	not nearly enough price	UNPAIR
this place is not inviting and the food is totally weird .	not inviting place	PAIR
i ' m not sure where the other reviewers ate but it seems as if we visited two different restaurants because my friends and i all enjoy mizu very much . . . and we ' re repeat customers .	enjoy friends	UNPAIR
the main entree was also very good .	good main entree	PAIR
i highly recommend the restaurant based on our experience last night .	recommend experience	UNPAIR
the bread we received was horrible - rock hard and cold - and the ` ` free ' ' appetizer of olives was disappointing .	cold appetizer of olives	UNPAIR
we went back to the restaurant and low and behold , we were seated at one of the tables that was available 30 minutes ago ! !	low restaurant	UNPAIR
the stuff tilapia was horrid . . . tasted like cardboard .	horrid cardboard	UNPAIR
i can highly recommend their various saag and paneer and korma .	various saag	UNPAIR
the sommelier is fantastic , down - to - earth , & extremely knowlegable .	down - to - earth sommelier	PAIR
the food is great and they have a good selection of wines at reasonable prices .	good selection wines	PAIR
salads were fantastic .	fantastic salads	PAIR
the lunch buffet is expensive but is deff worth it .	deff lunch buffet	UNPAIR
– my first time to dine at this restaurant was with my son and it was absolutely horrible !	horrible restaurant	PAIR
our server continued to be attentive throughout the night , but i did remain puzzled by one issue : who thinks that ray ' s is an appropriate place to take young children for dinner ?	attentive ray ' s	UNPAIR
the portion sizes here are huge , and the sushi is good .	good sushi	PAIR
endless fun , awesome music , great staff ! ! !	awesome music	PAIR
we did n ' t want a bottle of bubbly on a weekday so we each got little bottles of korbett it was just enough .	enough bottles of korbett	PAIR
my party had the bbe $ 29 fixe prix menu , which was such a wonderful deal since it also came with a flight of sake !	wonderful sake	UNPAIR
i am so happy to have a wonderful italian restaurant in my neighborhood .	wonderful italian restaurant	PAIR
the wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal .	reasonably priced wine list	UNPAIR
while this diner had reasonably good food , the restaurant staff seemed completely indifferent to our presence , and this attitude was reflected in the lack of service .	indifferent food	UNPAIR
one would think we ' d get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead , we got a snobby waiter would n ' t even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so .	snobby waiter	PAIR
– had to wait thirty minutes to get in the door on a tuesday morning , but it was so worth it .	tuesday door	UNPAIR
rao is a good restaurant , but it ' s nothing special .	nothing special restaurant	UNPAIR
way over - rated ! ! ! !	over - rated way	UNPAIR
green tea creme brulee is a must !	must green tea creme brulee	PAIR
furthermore , the rice had no seasoning , so the sushi was bland and disgusting .	bland sushi	PAIR
service - friendly and attentive .	friendly service	PAIR
i have known about this secret for the last 13 years , emilio ( the godfather ) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices .	last food	UNPAIR
this place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service .	better group	UNPAIR
the farro salad and the mashed yukon potatoes were also extremely tasty .	tasty farro salad	PAIR
my six year old loved it .	loved year	UNPAIR
warning : you may find it difficult to dine at other japanese restaurants after a visit to mizu !	difficult mizu	PAIR
wish ny had more of these kind of places : intimate , superb food , homey , top notch all the way around , certainly worth the wait .	top notch food	UNPAIR
indo chinese food , pretty good . . .	good indo chinese food	PAIR
the last two times i ordered from here my food was soo spicy that i could barely eat it , and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish .	spicy spice	UNPAIR
the food is wonderful , tasty and filling , and the service is professional and friendly .	friendly food	UNPAIR
they are not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date rolls around you will not only regret chosing this place , but also become hostile !	grand event date rolls	UNPAIR
the food is prepared quickly and efficiently .	prepared food	UNPAIR
the staff there is very attentive and down to earth .	down to earth staff	PAIR
someone else recommended the dessert - we also left that .	recommended dessert	PAIR
not a very fancy place but very good chinese style indian food .	good place	UNPAIR
mermaid inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood .	good seafood	PAIR
the food is amazing . . . especially if you get the chef ' s tasting menu and your favourite bottle ( or two ! ) of wine from an extensive selection of wines .	amazing chef ' s tasting menu	UNPAIR
delicate spices , onions , eggs and a kick - ass roti .	delicate spices	PAIR
look , the appetizers were really good .	good look	UNPAIR
peppers , onions , relish , chilli , cheeses , you name it .	relish peppers	UNPAIR
okay - i do n ' t mind the oily part ( cause most are cooked that way ) but it was way too bland .	oily way	UNPAIR
$ 6 and there is much tasty food , all of it fresh and continually refilled .	tasty food	PAIR
the filet mignon dish was superb !	superb filet mignon dish	PAIR
stepping into casa la femme last night was a true experience unlike any other in new york !	true casa la femme	PAIR
yes , the prices are high , but i felt it was worth it .	high prices	UNPAIR
cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most .	cozy tables	UNPAIR
service not the friendliest to our ` ` large party ' ' !	not the friendliest service	PAIR
there was a small wait , but shorter than i expected .	small wait	PAIR
the service is excellent , the decor is great , and the food is delicious and comes in large portions .	delicious food	PAIR
the back garden sitting area is very pleasant , where you can see their personal herb garden .	pleasant back garden sitting area	PAIR
this is a great place to get a delicious meal .	great place	PAIR
this is the perfect spot for meeting friends , having lunch , dinner , pre - theatre or after - theatre drinks !	perfect lunch	UNPAIR
best taiwanese food in ny !	best taiwanese food	PAIR
watch the talented belly dancers as you enjoy delicious baba ganoush that ' s more lemony than smoky .	enjoy delicious baba ganoush	PAIR
we liked it so much , that we will always make it a point to dine here when we visit new york .	new point	UNPAIR
the atmosphere was pretty nice but had a bit lacking , which it tries to make up for with a crazy scheme of mirrors .	nice scheme of mirrors	UNPAIR
i just found out that you can have the place to yourself on nights and weekends for a private party - ca n ' t wait to celebrate my next birthday there .	next birthday	UNPAIR
the only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent .	incompetent manager	PAIR
considering you will spend at least $ 60 a head , i expect better service .	expect better head	UNPAIR
everything about this restaurant was special .	special everything	UNPAIR
the pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in nyc .	delicious proprietor	UNPAIR
oh , and i never write reviews - - i just was so moved by how bad this place was , i felt it was my duty to spread the word .	bad place	PAIR
in short , schooner or later could n ' t have cared less about our being at their establishment .	short schooner	UNPAIR
even my indian friend could n ' t believe how good and tasty everything was .	good everything	UNPAIR
not a very fancy place but very good chinese style indian food .	good chinese style indian food	PAIR
while finishing our meals which included a high - end bottle of wine , our son ' s fiance joined us for a glass of wine and dessert .	high - end dessert	UNPAIR
eating in , the atmosphere saves it , but at your desk , it ' s a very disappointing experience .	saves atmosphere	PAIR
looking around , i saw a room full of new yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant , not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen .	real clubhouse	UNPAIR
i really loved the different and inovated touch that ' s the cheff gives to the food .	inovated cheff	PAIR
the food is always fresh . . .	fresh food	PAIR
the staff has been nice , but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often .	stressed staff	PAIR
hands down the best pizza on the planet .	best pizza	PAIR
everything is always cooked to perfection , the service is excellent , the decor cool and understated .	excellent service	PAIR
tasty dog !	tasty dog	PAIR
service was prompt , friendly and great .	great service	PAIR
great food , spectacular location , and friendly service keep us coming back year after year .	great food	PAIR
the food is all shared so we get to order together and eat together .	shared food	PAIR
taking hot dogs to the next level	next level	UNPAIR
i am relatively new to the area and tried pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and i thought the food was overated and on the pricey side .	pricey service	UNPAIR
the food was well prepared and the service impecable .	well prepared service	UNPAIR
we both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh .	served timely pasta dish	UNPAIR
– this is my ` ` must bring out of town guests to ' ' restaurant and they always enjoy and rave about it .	rave restaurant	PAIR
i can eat here every day of the week really lol love this place . . . )	lol day	UNPAIR
at this point , the waitress comes over and asks us if everything was okay , i was literally so shocked that i was speechless and did n ' t say anything , and guess what , the waitress walked away .	okay everything	UNPAIR
– by far the best bar in the east village . . .	east village	UNPAIR
be sure to try the seasonal , and always delicious , specials .	seasonal specials	PAIR
my father had the flank steak which was very good , and my mother had the swordfish .	good mother	UNPAIR
we stood there for 10 minutes while employees walked back and forth ignoring us .	ignoring minutes	UNPAIR
never swaying , never a bad meal , never bad service . . .	never a bad meal	PAIR
the first time the sushi was outstanding , the second time it was a little bland .	bland time	UNPAIR
fabulous food - if the front of house staff do n ' t put you off –	fabulous front of house staff	UNPAIR
we thought the dessert would be better , wrong !	better dessert	UNPAIR
the lobster sandwich is $ 24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price .	good lobster sandwich	PAIR
a pleasant surprise .	pleasant surprise	UNPAIR
this place is charming and relaxing .	relaxing place	PAIR
plus , i am allergic to rice , and the waitstaff was unbelievably accomodating - - did n ' t even bat an eye !	allergic waitstaff	UNPAIR
bukhara is on my top 5 indian places in nyc	indian nyc	UNPAIR
be sure not to get anything other than bagels ! . .	sure bagels	UNPAIR
the atmosphere is nothing special , but it feels like a sushi establishment in tokyo .	nothing special atmosphere	PAIR
the food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate .	tasty portion sizes	UNPAIR
the only problem would be the wait , but we usually just have a drink in the front while waiting .	only wait	UNPAIR
the waitress came to check in on us every few minutes , and began to clear the plates while half of us were still eating ( a big pet peeve of mine that happens almost everywhere , so i try to ignore it ) .	big mine	UNPAIR
possibly the most romantic restaurant in the city	romantic city	UNPAIR
the sashimi is always fresh and the rolls are innovative and delicious .	innovative sashimi	UNPAIR
definitely worth the trip to battery park city !	worth city	UNPAIR
its location is good and the fact that hutner college is near and their prices are very reasonable , makes students go back to suan again and again .	good suan	UNPAIR
i recently went to this restaurant with some co - workers for lunch and had an amazing time .	amazing time lunch	UNPAIR
it ' s definately not a place to go if you want to impress someone .	impress someone	UNPAIR
took forever to get our order taken , water refills were too much to ask for and the only time she was fast was when we asked for our bill when we could get her attention .	only attention	UNPAIR
have recommended the place to friends , always gets good response .	recommended place	PAIR
i ca n ' t saybenough good things about this restaurant , and i ca n ' t wait for my next several visits .	good visits	UNPAIR
love pizza 33 . . .	love pizza 33	PAIR
when you add it all together , it just does n ' t seem worth it to me . . . especially considering the prices .	does n ' t seem worth prices	UNPAIR
they honored reservation on sunday afternoon very well .	well afternoon	UNPAIR
good food , great service , average prices ( for the strip )	great service	PAIR
the tables are crammed way too close , the menu is typical of any italian restaurant , and the wine list is simply overpriced .	close tables	PAIR
my main concern was the sanity of the food that was being sent out to myself and others , but i would be lying is i said that as someone who has worked in restaurants since the age of fifteen i was expecting at least a minimal effort on the part of the restaurant to amend the situation .	least food	UNPAIR
noodle pudding is exactly the type of service and food i enjoy .	enjoy service	PAIR
all in all the food was good - a little on the expensive side , but fresh .	good food	PAIR
from the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff , i felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it .	spectacular waitstaff	UNPAIR
dinners have always been excellent , in terms of food quality .	excellent food quality	UNPAIR
while this diner had reasonably good food , the restaurant staff seemed completely indifferent to our presence , and this attitude was reflected in the lack of service .	good restaurant staff	UNPAIR
kind , attentive wait staff .	attentive wait staff	PAIR
mama mia – i live in the neighborhood and feel lucky to live by such a great pizza place .	lucky neighborhood	UNPAIR
it has great sushi and even better service .	great service	UNPAIR
somehow working the italian charm with constant mille grazie does not constitute proper service .	italian service	UNPAIR
the atmosphere is relaxed and casual .	casual atmosphere	PAIR
– the food is here is incredible , though the quality is inconsistent during lunch .	inconsistent food	UNPAIR
my friend enjoyed the grilled alaskan king salmon with delectable creamed washington russet potatoes and crisp green beans .	crisp creamed washington russet potatoes	UNPAIR
they charge different prices all the time .	different time	UNPAIR
the place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded , but the service is excellent and it ' s great for friends out , a romantic date , or a special occassion .	excellent place	UNPAIR
overpriced japanese food with mediocre service	mediocre japanese food	UNPAIR
best indian restaurant in the city	best city	UNPAIR
the bibimbap was average , but the stone bowl was n ' t even close to sizzling .	n ' t even close to sizzling stone bowl	PAIR
the lemon chicken tasted like sticky sweet donuts and the honey walnut prawns , the few they actually give you . . . . . were not good .	not good lemon chicken	UNPAIR
this is one of the best comfort food places in the city .	best city	UNPAIR
overall , decent food at a good price , with friendly people .	friendly people	PAIR
while their kitchen food is delicious , their sushi is out of this world .	out of this world sushi	PAIR
the food is great and reasonably priced .	reasonably priced food	PAIR
the only drawback is the crowded seating and the slow service .	slow service	PAIR
i ' d highly recommend it for a special occasion - - it provides and intimate setting and nice service .	intimate setting	PAIR
i can highly recommend their various saag and paneer and korma .	recommend korma	PAIR
i ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive .	average at best week	UNPAIR
food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit	not worth food	UNPAIR
guacamole + shrimp appetizer was really great , we both had the filet , very good , did n ' t much like the frites that came with , but the filet was so good , neither of us cared .	good filet	PAIR
however , i think this place is a good hang out spot .	good spot	UNPAIR
the rest of the dim sum , though pricey by chinatown standards , is worth it .	pricey rest	UNPAIR
your a sushi fan , you love expertly cut fish , great sake , a killer soho location , and of course : salmon , tuna , fluke , yellow tail , cod , mackeral , jellyfish , sea urchin , shrimp , lobster , sea bream , trout , milk fish , blue fin tuna , eel , crab , sardine , monk fish , roe , scallop , oysters , and a varity of toro .	love fish	PAIR
no gimmicks here - - the food speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation .	freshness food	PAIR
they have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great .	different cream cheeses	PAIR
to start things off , our lovely server brooke was quickly on hand to take my drink order .	lovely brooke	PAIR
not because you are ` ` the four seasons ` ` . . . – you are allowed to charge an arm and a leg for a romatic dinner .	romatic the four seasons	UNPAIR
the only problem is you really have to warm up the pizza before it ' s edible , even when you order ahead .	edible pizza	UNPAIR
but , they were too big for the bun .	too big bun	UNPAIR
bottles of wine are cheap and good .	cheap bottles of wine	PAIR
i ' ve enjoyed 99 % of the dishes we ' ve ordered with the only exceptions being the occasional too - authentic - for - me dish ( i ' m a daring eater but not that daring ) .	too - authentic - for - me dish	PAIR
this is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates .	good restaurant	UNPAIR
in the end our check came to $ 27 for 4 small pancakes , a breakfast burrito , an orange juice and an iced tea ( i had water ) .	small iced tea	PAIR
the lunch menu is an awesome deal !	awesome lunch menu	PAIR
fabulous decor - makes you feel like you ' re in a trendy manhattan restaurant , very very good food , cheaply - priced , generally friendly staff , and if you ' re a manhattanite , or spend most of your time in manhattan , rice avenue will make you feel at home . . . . . very soho / village / upper west side minus the expensive prices and pretentious clientele . . . . . all on roosevelt avenue !	good food	PAIR
the sommelier is fantastic , down - to - earth , & extremely knowlegable .	knowlegable sommelier	PAIR
portions was just enough for me , but may not be for a big eater .	enough eater	UNPAIR
the caesar salad i ordered had so much lemon i could n ' t eat it .	much caesar salad	UNPAIR
great breakfast	great breakfast	PAIR
as usual the omikase did n ' t disappoint in freshness , although it scored low on creativity and selection .	n ' t disappoint omikase	PAIR
the pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap , frozen , shredded cheese common to most pizzaria ' s .	fresh pizza	UNPAIR
best pastrami i ever had and great portion without being ridiculous .	best portion	UNPAIR
the menu has so many fish items and oysters .	fish menu	UNPAIR
worth the wait	worth wait	UNPAIR
skip dessert .	skip dessert	PAIR
great pizza and fantastic service .	great service	UNPAIR
we all agreed that mare is one of the best seafood restaurants in new york .	best york	UNPAIR
i have to highly recommend the lobster roll - not to much mayo ; you can tell it was a fresh lobster .	recommend lobster	UNPAIR
definitely a great spot for a nice occasion or date .	nice spot	UNPAIR
i swore never to return for a warm beer and mediocre meal .	warm meal	UNPAIR
big wong gets big ups for a fine establishment .	fine establishment	UNPAIR
i go and eat out at many different restaurants and this is one place you have go and try .	different place	UNPAIR
it is n ' t the cheapest sushi but has been worth it every time .	worth sushi	PAIR
the decor however seems to be the distraction so you wo n ' t notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 frickin hours to come ! ! ! !	distraction eggplant	UNPAIR
food was just average . . . if they lowered the prices just a bit , it would be a bigger draw .	average prices	UNPAIR
the manager came to the table and said we can do what we want , so we paid for what we did enjoy , the drinks and appetizers , and walked out .	enjoy appetizers	PAIR
my roommate and i love this place .	love roommate	UNPAIR
i found the food , service and value exceptional everytime i have been there .	exceptional food	PAIR
an awesome organic dog , and a conscious eco friendly establishment .	awesome dog	PAIR
the best calamari in seattle !	best seattle	UNPAIR
the service was impeccable and unobtrusive - - the staff knows what they are there to do - - to know their menu , present your meal , and attend to your needs .	unobtrusive service	PAIR
i took one bite from the $ 24 salmon , and i have never , in the 17 years i have been going to restaurants tasted salmon as fishy , as dry , and as bland as the one in flatbush farms .	fishy salmon	PAIR
fish was overdone .	overdone fish	PAIR
hands down , the best tuna i have ever had .	best hands	UNPAIR
it is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of disney type special effects .	live lot	UNPAIR
the ambience was so fun , and the prices were great , on top of the fact that the food was really tasty .	great food	UNPAIR
the only downside . . . they only take cash which is ok if you know about it ahead of time .	only time	UNPAIR
the side dishes were passable , and i did get a refill upon request .	passable refill	UNPAIR
my girlfriend and i stumbled onto this hopping place the other night and had a great time !	great time girlfriend	UNPAIR
on a recent trip , our waiter was extremely dismissive , while no less than three staff members waited hand - and - foot on a pair of japanese girls seated nearby .	dismissive waiter	PAIR
the bagel was huge .	huge bagel	PAIR
yakitori ( bbq meats ) is tasty too .	tasty yakitori ( bbq meats )	PAIR
never have i had such dramatic delivery guys ( a lot of huffing and panting and muttering under breath b / c i live in a walkup ) who always seem disappointed with their tips .	dramatic tips	UNPAIR
if you venture off the island of manhattan and ca n ' t seem to find a great italian restaurant , drive to corona .	italian restaurant	UNPAIR
the wine the service was very good too .	good service	PAIR
the jukebox plays everything from italian opera to the strokes .	italian everything	UNPAIR
the place is a lot of fun .	fun place	PAIR
first went here to enjoy their garden terrace .	enjoy garden terrace	PAIR
all in all , this midtown gem instantly became one of my favorite sushi restaurants in the city .	midtown sushi restaurants	UNPAIR
the wine list was extensive - though the staff did not seem knowledgeable about wine pairings .	extensive staff	UNPAIR
i wish i could like this place more , and i wish someone would retrain the staff .	wish someone	UNPAIR
short and sweet – seating is great : it ' s romantic , cozy and private .	great seating	PAIR
i ' ve always found the wait staff and , if you sit at the bar , the cooks very friendly .	friendly bar	UNPAIR
the bread we received was horrible - rock hard and cold - and the ` ` free ' ' appetizer of olives was disappointing .	rock hard bread	PAIR
in grammercy / union square / east village this is my neighbors and my favorite spot .	favorite spot	PAIR
the large selection of bruschettas , paninis , tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating .	large selection bruschettas	PAIR
the cream cheeses are out of this world and i love that coffee ! !	out of this world coffee	UNPAIR
but if you ' re prepared to spend some $ and remember to ask if something they offer is complimentary , then this is the place to go for indian food	complimentary something	UNPAIR
not a great place for family or general dining .	not a great place	PAIR
and how many times can you pick up the same perfectly aligned set of napkins , inspect them vapidly and plonk them down in exactly the same place instead of venturing a glance at people who are there to help you make the rent ?	same glance	UNPAIR
raymond the bartender rocks !	rocks bartender	UNPAIR
but after last night , spice grill is the only place i ' m eating indian cuisine .	only indian cuisine	UNPAIR
the tables are crammed way too close , the menu is typical of any italian restaurant , and the wine list is simply overpriced .	overpriced wine list	PAIR
the spicy tuna roll is huge and probably the best that i ' ve had at this price range .	best price range	UNPAIR
the lava cake dessert was incredible and i recommend it .	recommend lava cake dessert	PAIR
good sake , good food – i honestly do n ' t know much about japanese food at all .	japanese sake	UNPAIR
service was decent .	decent service	PAIR
definitely has one of the best jukebox ' s i ' ve seen in a long long time .	best jukebox ' s	PAIR
– i am exceedingly pleased to report that my dinner at ray ' s boathouse last friday completely exceeded my expectations .	friday – i	UNPAIR
the seafood is amazing , there ' s a good wine list , and the ever - changing menu always offers some great surprises .	good wine list	PAIR
good spreads , great beverage selections and bagels really tasty .	good spreads	PAIR
we ordered the chicken casserole , but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken , all dark meat and on the bone .	dark chicken casserole	UNPAIR
we could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu .	yummy menu	UNPAIR
not too fine thought that you feel uncomfortable and have to dress up .	fine thought	UNPAIR
– i do n ' t understand how i was a stranger to this place for so long . . . the fajita salad , the colorado , the fajitas - everything is delicious .	delicious fajita salad	PAIR
great taste	great taste	UNPAIR
the bagels always warm , soft on the inside , crispy on the outside and enormous in size .	warm bagels	PAIR
love their drink menu .	love drink menu	PAIR
maybe it is good for that one night once in a blue moon when the chefs decide to use fish that ' s half - way decent .	decent fish	PAIR
service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category .	joint service	UNPAIR
it ' s the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food .	only place	UNPAIR
slightly above average wines start at $ 70 + with only one selection listed at $ 30 + .	above average wines	PAIR
no desert menu , no apology , nothing ! ! ! ! ! !	nothing apology	UNPAIR
the decor is night tho . . . but they really need to clean that vent in the ceiling . . . its quite un - appetizing , and kills your effort to make this place look sleek and modern .	un - appetizing place	UNPAIR
the space is limited so be prepared to wait up to 45 minutes - 1 hour , but be richly rewarded when you savor the delicious indo - chinese food .	limited indo - chinese food	UNPAIR
– ray ' s is the place to go for high quality seafood dinners .	high quality place	UNPAIR
the food was ok , but the service was so poor that the food was cold buy the time everyone in my party was served .	ok service	UNPAIR
the stuff tilapia was horrid . . . tasted like cardboard .	horrid stuff tilapia	PAIR
in any event , this is a place i ' ll be sure to stop by again when i ' m in this part of town .	sure place	UNPAIR
great , original taste .	original taste	UNPAIR
ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me .	real ingredients	UNPAIR
furthermore , the rice had no seasoning , so the sushi was bland and disgusting .	disgusting sushi	PAIR
everyone seemed generally happy with their food , except my brother who had the grilled mahi mahi , seemingly drenched in grapfruit juice !	happy food	PAIR
with so many good restaurants on the uws , i do n ' t need overpriced food , absurdly arrogant wait - staff who do n ' t recognize they work at a glorified diner , clumsy service , and management that does n ' t care .	arrogant wait - staff	PAIR
my boyfriend had the new england chowder it was good but i think the award should go to the lobster bisque .	award new england chowder	UNPAIR
the pizza was delivered cold and the cheese was n ' t even fully melted !	was n ' t even fully melted cheese	PAIR
the menu has so many fish items and oysters .	fish oysters	UNPAIR
i recieved prompt service with a smile .	prompt smile	UNPAIR
the appetizer was interesting , but the creme brulee was very savory and delicious .	delicious appetizer	UNPAIR
the pastas are incredible , the risottos ( particularly the sepia ) are fantastic and the braised rabbit is amazing .	incredible sepia	UNPAIR
the atmosphere was pretty nice but had a bit lacking , which it tries to make up for with a crazy scheme of mirrors .	lacking scheme of mirrors	UNPAIR
i love the warm & cosy environment .	cosy environment	PAIR
i highly recommend caviar russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service .	delicious top grade caviar	PAIR
i like the somosas , chai , and the chole , but the dhosas and dhal were kinda disappointing .	like dhal	UNPAIR
the have a great cocktail with citrus vodka and lemon and lime juice and mint leaves that is to die for !	great cocktail with citrus vodka and lemon and lime juice and mint leaves	PAIR
it hits the spot every time	hits time	UNPAIR
too large for just two people but nothing was left .	too large people	UNPAIR
great food , amazing service , this place is a class act .	amazing place	UNPAIR
decent wine at reasonable prices .	reasonable wine	PAIR
this is the best shabu - shabu restaurant in the try - state area .	best try	UNPAIR
i know , you were too busy showing off your vintage tee shirt and looking bored , but my agenda is i ' m here to eat and enjoy the company of friends , seeking a pleasant experience .	pleasant company	UNPAIR
i can not imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant .	friendlier staff	PAIR
cute place , nice wait staff but would never go there again .	nice place	UNPAIR
i would normally not finish the brocolli when i order these kinds of food but for the first time , every piece was as eventful as the first one . . . the scallops and prawns was so fresh and nicely cooked .	fresh prawns	PAIR
no gimmicks here - - the food speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation .	preparation food	PAIR
good spreads , great beverage selections and bagels really tasty .	great bagels	UNPAIR
the vibe is very relaxed and cozy , service was great and the food was excellent !	cozy service	UNPAIR
mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else .	unique mizu	UNPAIR
the crust has a great bite and a good chew , the sauce is light with a nice acidity to it , the salt from the cheese is great , really heightens the flavor of all the other components .	good sauce	UNPAIR
whether it ' s the parmesean porcini souffle or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar , you will surely be transported to northern italy with one bite .	northern parmesean porcini souffle	UNPAIR
best restaurant in the world , great decor , great customer service , friendly manager	best restaurant	PAIR
it was n ' t the freshest seafood ever , but the taste and presentation was ok .	ok seafood	PAIR
went here last night - nice decor , good service , but the food was surprisingly excellent .	nice decor	PAIR
the workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese ( gets a little messy ) .	little cream cheese	UNPAIR
good , fast service .	good service	PAIR
the crust has a great bite and a good chew , the sauce is light with a nice acidity to it , the salt from the cheese is great , really heightens the flavor of all the other components .	great cheese	PAIR
personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights .	hungry personal pans	UNPAIR
tiny dessert was $ 8 . 00 . . . just plain overpriced for what it is .	overpriced plain	UNPAIR
but the best pork souvlaki i ever had is the main thing .	main thing	UNPAIR
other guests enjoyed pizza , santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips .	enjoyed guests	UNPAIR
chow fun was dry ; pork shu mai was more than usually greasy and had to share a table with loud and rude family .	greasy chow fun	UNPAIR
the service was the only thing good about this restaurant .	good service	PAIR
this quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my manhattan restaurant list .	quaint top	UNPAIR
dokebi gives williamsburg the right one - two punch of classic korean food and fusion twists like pork belly tacos .	classic korean food	PAIR
the pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap , frozen , shredded cheese common to most pizzaria ' s .	delicious pizza	PAIR
located at the end of a magnificent block .	magnificent end	UNPAIR
i felt ackward and next time went to the casino bathroom .	next casino bathroom	UNPAIR
they honored reservation on sunday afternoon very well .	sunday afternoon	UNPAIR
the band was very good and the service was attentive .	good band	PAIR
and even more so unpleasant because it was so costly for such an unpleasant experience .	unpleasant experience	UNPAIR
great open and friendly ambience .	friendly ambience	PAIR
amazing fun for hot dog lovers of all ages please do yourself a favor and check this place out ! ! ! !	amazing fun place	UNPAIR
i would never recommend this place to anybody even for a casual dinner .	never recommend anybody	UNPAIR
here the hot dog is elevated to the level of a real entree with numerous variations available .	numerous hot dog	PAIR
i went there with some friends one night to play bingo and watch the sox game and it was a blast !	sox night	UNPAIR
very ` ` normal indian food ' ' , but done really well .	well indian food	PAIR
– after 12 years in seattle ray ' s rates as the place we always go back to .	seattle years	UNPAIR
sometimes i get good food and ok service .	ok service	PAIR
we even had a visit from the manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves .	sure visit	UNPAIR
i love margherita pizza – i looove east village pizza	love east village pizza	UNPAIR
this is undoubtedly my favorite modern japanese brasserie ( that don ’ t serve sushi ) , and in my opinion , one of the most romantic restaurants in the city !	romantic modern japanese brasserie	PAIR
also it ' s great to have dinner in a very romantic and comfortable place , the service it ' s just perfect . . . they ' re so frendly that we never want to live the place !	the service	PAIR
i ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive .	average at best dishes	PAIR
the food was exceptional .	exceptional food	PAIR
prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant .	high resturant	PAIR
this is the best sushi in new york city - hands down .	best york city	UNPAIR
service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded .	slow service	PAIR
its just a fun place to go , not a five star restaraunt .	five star place	UNPAIR
had no flavor and the staff is rude and not attentive .	no flavor staff	UNPAIR
have never had a problem with service save a missing rice once .	problem service	PAIR
– this is one of my top lunch spots , huge portions , fast service and amazing margaritas ! !	fast margaritas	UNPAIR
we have since returned and also had a great experience , sampling more small plates and a variety of the beer ( cold and good ) .	great beer	UNPAIR
the only drawback is the crowded seating and the slow service .	slow seating	UNPAIR
service is not exactly five star , but thats not really a big deal .	big service	UNPAIR
the bread we received was horrible - rock hard and cold - and the ` ` free ' ' appetizer of olives was disappointing .	disappointing bread	UNPAIR
we ordered the chicken casserole , but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken , all dark meat and on the bone .	dark pieces	UNPAIR
this is the perfect spot for meeting friends , having lunch , dinner , pre - theatre or after - theatre drinks !	perfect spot	PAIR
volare virgins or weekly regulars , everyone gets treated the same and you ca n ' t ask for more than that when the service is this friendly .	friendly regulars	UNPAIR
its dark , and cozy . . there is always jazz music playing when we go .	dark music playing	UNPAIR
the music is great , no night better or worse , the bar tenders are generous with the pouring , and the lighthearted atmosphere will lifts you spirits .	lighthearted atmosphere	PAIR
the only thing more wonderful than the food ( which is exceptional ) is the service .	wonderful food	UNPAIR
had no flavor and the staff is rude and not attentive .	no flavor staff	UNPAIR
i guarantee you wo n ' t be disappointed , there ' s also valet parking .	n ' t be disappointed guarantee	UNPAIR
i never write on these sites but this restaurant is def worth commending !	worth commending	UNPAIR
it gets really busy , so get there on the early side so you can grab a seat , if you do have to wait , its not bad because the service is quick !	bad service	UNPAIR
i had never had edamame pureed before but i thought it was innovative and tasty ( could ' ve used a bit more salt ) .	innovative edamame pureed	PAIR
the food is fantastic , and the waiting staff has been perfect every single time we ' ve been there .	perfect food	UNPAIR
if you do n ' t mind pre - sliced low quality fish , unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place .	miserable fish	UNPAIR
the most pleasant surprise was the check that did not exceed my expectations as it always happens in most of the places .	pleasant surprise	UNPAIR
it ' s a great little place with tons of potential to be a neighborhood joint if the service were n ' t so impersonal and corporate - like .	n ' t so impersonal service	PAIR
and really large portions .	large portions	PAIR
the pesto pizza was excellent , thin - crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy italian cheese that i ' d never heard of before .	excellent spicy italian cheese	UNPAIR
it was romantic - and even nice even with my sister , reminded me of italy , and had artwork and music that kept up the feeling of being in a mediterrean villa .	romantic artwork	UNPAIR
the place is beautiful !	beautiful place	PAIR
try everything for that matter , it is all good .	good matter	UNPAIR
by the time we left our wallets were empty and so were our stomachs and we missed the show we were supposed to see following our dinner , which would have been acceptable if we got to enjoy the experience of good food and belly dancers !	acceptable dancers	UNPAIR
the brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal .	sweet brioche and lollies	PAIR
despite the confusing mirrors this will likely be my go - to for modern japanese food for the foreseeable future .	confusing mirrors	PAIR
everyone that sat in the back outside agreed that it was the worst service we had ever received .	outside service	UNPAIR
my son and his girlfriend both wanted cheeseburgers and they were huge !	huge cheeseburgers	PAIR
this place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time .	excellent staff	PAIR
the staff was accomodating , the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely .	delicious food	PAIR
this is the kind of place you ' d like to take all your friends to and still keep a secret .	like place	PAIR
this place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service .	better place	UNPAIR
have frequented ' ino for several years and the food remains excellent .	excellent food	PAIR
for the people who want great food plus great service , roxy is a place to avoid !	great roxy	UNPAIR
hurley ' s is like cheers where everyone knows your name and they are actually glad you came .	glad cheers	UNPAIR
i found it on a cold night , the perfect spot to warm up .	perfect spot	PAIR
red dragon roll - my favorite thing to eat , of any food group - hands down	favorite thing	UNPAIR
in fact , it appears he is going to go postal at any moment .	postal moment	UNPAIR
perfect on a cold day .	perfect day	UNPAIR
if you can , come to this place by boat and make it a whole evening .	whole boat	UNPAIR
– ray ' s ( suprisingly ) has the city ' s best & most diverse wine list .	most ray	UNPAIR
the waiter was attentive , the food was delicious and the views of the city were great .	great views of the city	PAIR
to sum it up : service varies from good to mediorce , depending on which waiter you get ; generally it is just average ok .	mediorce waiter	UNPAIR
the waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal !	phenomenal food	PAIR
– i recently had the pleasure of dining as this delightful restaurant on 2nd street and wow what a great evening we had .	great pleasure	UNPAIR
the food was all good but it was way too mild .	too mild way	UNPAIR
it ' s cuz it ' s so good you need to taste it ! ! !	good cuz	UNPAIR
never have i had such dramatic delivery guys ( a lot of huffing and panting and muttering under breath b / c i live in a walkup ) who always seem disappointed with their tips .	dramatic delivery guys	PAIR
it was the first place we ate on our first trip to new york , and it will be the last place we stop as we head out of town on our next trip to new york .	new trip	UNPAIR
on the way out , we heard of other guests complaining about similar issues .	complaining guests	UNPAIR
i may not be a sushi guru but i can tell you that the food here is just okay and that there is not much else to it .	sushi guru	UNPAIR
this is the kind of place you ' d like to take all your friends to and still keep a secret .	like kind	UNPAIR
we recently decided to try this location , and to our delight , they have outdoor seating , perfect since i had my yorkie with me .	delight location	UNPAIR
i choose to go with one of the special , the braised lamb shank in red wine , which was excellent .	excellent braised lamb shank in red wine	PAIR
cute place , nice wait staff but would never go there again .	nice place	UNPAIR
but that was n ' t the icing on the cake : a tiramisu that resembled nothing i have ever had .	nothing cake	UNPAIR
the restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal	enjoy restaurant	UNPAIR
there is a downside if you ' re ordering in - - the delivery guys have major attitude .	downside delivery guys	PAIR
best honey walnyt prawns that we have every tasted .	best honey walnyt prawns	PAIR
by far , the best pizza in manhattan .	best manhattan	UNPAIR
enjoyed a very nice caesar salad while my wife had arugula and goat cheese . . . . both very tasty .	nice caesar salad	PAIR
ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away .	ive rice	UNPAIR
for 7 years they have put out the most tasty , most delicious food and kept it that way . . .	delicious food	PAIR
– love their pizza , especially the mushroom pizza .	love pizza	PAIR
the ambience was so fun , and the prices were great , on top of the fact that the food was really tasty .	tasty food	PAIR
terrible service , food ok , pricey	pricey service	UNPAIR
i ' d highly recommend it for a special occasion - - it provides and intimate setting and nice service .	nice setting	UNPAIR
kind , attentive wait staff .	kind wait staff	PAIR
the freshest , best variety , and the fastest delivery .	fastest delivery	PAIR
for 7 years they have put out the most tasty , most delicious food and kept it that way . . .	tasty years	UNPAIR
service ok but unfriendly , filthy bathroom .	ok bathroom	UNPAIR
– eggs , pancakes , potatoes , fresh fruit and yogurt - - everything they serve is delicious .	delicious eggs	PAIR
well , this place is so ghetto its not even funny .	ghetto place	PAIR
quacamole at pacifico is yummy , as are the wings with chimmichuri .	yummy pacifico	UNPAIR
– how to describe the best sushi in nyc : hmmmm , delicious , amazing , fantastic , suculent , perfect , nah , all of the above .	delicious sushi	PAIR
over 100 different choices to create your own .	own choices	UNPAIR
the owners are great fun and the beer selection is worth staying for .	great owners	PAIR
but when we looked at the menu , there were n ' t a lot of choices , most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section .	most lot	UNPAIR
just straight up cheap , good food .	cheap food	PAIR
the first time i went , and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere , i ordered the lobster cobb salad .	taken time	UNPAIR
this tiny restaurant is as cozy as it gets , with that certain parisian flair .	cozy restaurant	PAIR
the dishes offered were unique , very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages , sardines with biscuits , large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream ( the best and freshest i ' ve ever had ) .	unique dishes	PAIR
took forever to get our order taken , water refills were too much to ask for and the only time she was fast was when we asked for our bill when we could get her attention .	only water refills	UNPAIR
it ’ s just you and your date and an occasional cute ‘ excuse me ’ before the waiter opens the little curtain to your booth !	occasional waiter	UNPAIR
the mussels were fantastic and so was the dessert . . . definitely going to be back very soon .	fantastic mussels	PAIR
i ' ve been to at cafe spice probably 5 - 8 times , it is probably still the best indian restaurant around union square .	best cafe spice	PAIR
i ' d highly recommend it for a special occasion - - it provides and intimate setting and nice service .	recommend setting	UNPAIR
caution - its real food for people who love the best .	real food	PAIR
the crust is thin , the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly .	thin staff	UNPAIR
groovy music made the dinner casual .	casual music	PAIR
the dishes offered were unique , very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages , sardines with biscuits , large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream ( the best and freshest i ' ve ever had ) .	amazing sardines with biscuits	UNPAIR
i have been to rao ' s probably 15 times the past 3 years and it keeps getting better .	past times	UNPAIR
my party had the bbe $ 29 fixe prix menu , which was such a wonderful deal since it also came with a flight of sake !	wonderful party	UNPAIR
the price is reasonable although the service is poor .	poor service	PAIR
we were greeted promptly by the waiter who was very nice and cordial .	nice waiter	PAIR
with the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering , the food here was decent , not great .	decent food	PAIR
the wife had the risotto which was amazing .	amazing wife	UNPAIR
always busy but fast moving .	busy moving	UNPAIR
the food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you do n ' t like .	pricey food	PAIR
lucky strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat .	casual lucky strike	PAIR
they have it all - - great price , food , and service .	great service	PAIR
while their kitchen food is delicious , their sushi is out of this world .	out of this world kitchen food	UNPAIR
good food : my favorite is the seafood spaghetti .	favorite seafood spaghetti	PAIR
great survice	great survice	PAIR
great friendly service , fast seating , fast delivery , excellent sushi .	fast service	UNPAIR
they have a delicious banana chocolate dessert , as well as a great green tea tempura .	great green tea tempura	PAIR
food was okay , nothing great .	nothing great food	PAIR
this is undoubtedly my favorite modern japanese brasserie ( that don ’ t serve sushi ) , and in my opinion , one of the most romantic restaurants in the city !	undoubtedly city	UNPAIR
this is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent .	excellent service	PAIR
excellent food , although the interior could use some help .	excellent interior	UNPAIR
went here last night - nice decor , good service , but the food was surprisingly excellent .	good food	UNPAIR
we did have the same waiter the second time , so maybe the service is spotty and our luck is good .	good service	UNPAIR
i went home & looked them up online again where i discovered there is a link for a give away that does n ' t work so emailed the restaurant about the non existent service & deceptive link .	non restaurant	UNPAIR
the food is outstanding and the service is quick , friendly and very professional .	quick food	UNPAIR
and it all comes at a very reasonable price ( congee , noodles , and rice dishes are no more than $ 3 - 6 each ) .	reasonable price	UNPAIR
when my dessert came , there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift , and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort .	special sort	UNPAIR
raymond the bartender rocks !	rocks raymond	PAIR
– i do n ' t understand how i was a stranger to this place for so long . . . the fajita salad , the colorado , the fajitas - everything is delicious .	delicious everything	UNPAIR
i have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at la lanterna .	great staff	PAIR
considering we were the last patrons there and it was after the closing time , the waitstaff did not rush us at all and made us feel comfortable and relaxed .	last waitstaff	UNPAIR
the combination of super - fresh ingredients in the dishes are unusual but really delicious .	super - fresh ingredients	PAIR
the pizza was delivered cold and the cheese was n ' t even fully melted !	cold cheese	UNPAIR
the food is not what it once was ( potions have seriously seen downsizing ) prices have gone up , and the service is the worst i have experienced anywhere ( including mainland europe ) .	worst the	UNPAIR
i agree that dining at casa la femme is like no other dining experience !	other experience	UNPAIR
the waiter was a bit unfriendly and the feel of the restaurant was crowded .	unfriendly feel	UNPAIR
i have never been so disgusted by both food an service .	disgusted service	PAIR
they have authentic indian at amazing prices .	amazing indian	UNPAIR
i highly recommend to anyone to give this place a try .	recommend anyone	UNPAIR
brunch at murphy ' s is to die for , my specialty . . . egg white omelet , the food is always freshly prepared .	freshly prepared egg white omelet	PAIR
this tiny williamsburg spot is always pleasantly surprising .	surprising williamsburg spot	PAIR
i have been here , spent tons of money on a chef special dinner and it was a major dissappointment .	spent money	UNPAIR
the pesto pizza was excellent , thin - crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy italian cheese that i ' d never heard of before .	excellent pesto pizza	PAIR
although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great .	great salads	PAIR
the dosas are skimpy , unattractive and drip with grease , and personally i ' d drink popcorn topping before i ' d eat another one of these .	skimpy eat	UNPAIR
– how to describe the best sushi in nyc : hmmmm , delicious , amazing , fantastic , suculent , perfect , nah , all of the above .	delicious hmmmm	UNPAIR
mussles and calamari were superb saturday evening .	saturday calamari	UNPAIR
– great financial district mexican spot .	great mexican spot	PAIR
he served me an uni hand roll , which i never had before , and let me tell you . . . it was heaven !	heaven uni hand roll	PAIR
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm so delicious	delicious mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm	UNPAIR
after dinner the manager grabbed my boyfriend , asked him : where are you from . . . maybe you dont know how things work in america . . . and in the end stormed away almost teareyed yelling that tips are the only thing they survive on .	teareyed america	UNPAIR
– great drinks , corn beef hash , coffee , b fast burritos , gluten free menu .	great coffee	PAIR
the only thing i moderately enjoyed was their grilled chicken special with edamame puree .	enjoyed grilled chicken special with edamame puree	PAIR
when we stumbled on leon , we thought that we had found quite the gem but , we were certainly wrong .	wrong leon	UNPAIR
the only positive thing about mioposto is the nice location .	nice mioposto	UNPAIR
this place has great indian chinese food .	great place	UNPAIR
delicious bagels , especially when right out of the oven .	delicious bagels	PAIR
while this diner had reasonably good food , the restaurant staff seemed completely indifferent to our presence , and this attitude was reflected in the lack of service .	indifferent restaurant staff	PAIR
they came in their own nifty take out box and with some homemade frosting ; very light and not - too - sweet .	light box	UNPAIR
located at the end of a magnificent block .	magnificent block	UNPAIR
– the food is here is incredible , though the quality is inconsistent during lunch .	incredible food	PAIR
great food , spectacular location , and friendly service keep us coming back year after year .	friendly location	UNPAIR
i ' m saving up for my next visit .	next visit	UNPAIR
the crowd is mixed yuppies , young and old .	mixed yuppies	UNPAIR
they serve it in a tall , skinny hour - glass shaped glass to disguise the fact that you a getting a small juice at the price of a half gallon in a supermarket .	small hour	UNPAIR
i highly recommend caviar russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service .	fantastic service	PAIR
i ' m not sure where the other reviewers ate but it seems as if we visited two different restaurants because my friends and i all enjoy mizu very much . . . and we ' re repeat customers .	enjoy mizu	PAIR
you can get a completely delish martini in a glass ( that ' s about 2 1 / 2 drinks ) for $ 8 . 50 ( i recommend the vanilla shanty , mmmm ! ) in a great homey setting with great music .	great martini	UNPAIR
we ended our great experience by having gulab jamun ( dessert ) recommended by the waiter .	great gulab jamun ( dessert )	UNPAIR
your a sushi fan , you love expertly cut fish , great sake , a killer soho location , and of course : salmon , tuna , fluke , yellow tail , cod , mackeral , jellyfish , sea urchin , shrimp , lobster , sea bream , trout , milk fish , blue fin tuna , eel , crab , sardine , monk fish , roe , scallop , oysters , and a varity of toro .	killer soho location	PAIR
the pizza ' s are light and scrumptious .	scrumptious pizza ' s	PAIR
the food is not what it once was ( potions have seriously seen downsizing ) prices have gone up , and the service is the worst i have experienced anywhere ( including mainland europe ) .	the food	UNPAIR
– ray ' s is the place to go for high quality seafood dinners .	high quality ray	UNPAIR
the food is yummy , especially their cooked - to - perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries .	cooked - to - perfection food	UNPAIR
this place has great indian chinese food .	great indian chinese food	PAIR
great place to relax and enjoy your dinner	great place	PAIR
overall , i would go back and eat at the restaurant again .	overall eat	UNPAIR
love the enchiladas and chicken soup - and be sure to check out their specials .	love chicken soup	PAIR
i have reservations about the all you can eat deal , however - - the choices are fairly limited and you can probably order more food than you can eat for less than $ 18 by just going off the menu .	limited all you can eat deal	PAIR
food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when i went .	good food	PAIR
i was visiting new york city with a friend and we discovered this really warm and inviting restaurant .	inviting friend	UNPAIR
overall , decent food at a good price , with friendly people .	decent food	PAIR
amazing fresh dogs but best of all endless toppings ! ! !	best toppings	PAIR
i think i have probably tried each item on their menu at least once it is all excellent .	excellent menu	PAIR
service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great .	horrible service	PAIR
the wine list is extensive and impressive .	extensive wine list	PAIR
they have a delicious banana chocolate dessert , as well as a great green tea tempura .	delicious green tea tempura	UNPAIR
– i loved the pumpkin ravioli and the goat cheese gnocchi ( 5 big ones to a plate instead of 20 or so little gnocchis ) and my sister loved her filet mignon on top of spinach and mashed potatoes .	loved plate	UNPAIR
on the way out , we heard of other guests complaining about similar issues .	similar way	UNPAIR
– i was highly disappointed in the food at pagoda .	disappointed – i	UNPAIR
we , there were four of us , arrived at noon - the place was empty - and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude .	rude place	UNPAIR
many people talk about the great pizza and poor service , so it ca n ' t just be the rantings of a few dissatisfied customers .	poor service	PAIR
the wine list is also really nice .	nice wine list	PAIR
inside is a little cramped , but to be expected .	little inside	UNPAIR
delivery guy sometimes get upset if you do n ' t tip more than 10 % .	upset tip	UNPAIR
in the end our check came to $ 27 for 4 small pancakes , a breakfast burrito , an orange juice and an iced tea ( i had water ) .	small orange juice	PAIR
on a recent trip , our waiter was extremely dismissive , while no less than three staff members waited hand - and - foot on a pair of japanese girls seated nearby .	dismissive staff members	UNPAIR
i love dungeness crabs and at ray ' s you can get them served in about 6 different ways !	love ways	UNPAIR
try the chef ' s choice for sushi as the smoked yellowtail was incredible and the rolls were also tasty .	incredible rolls	UNPAIR
this is an amazing place to try some roti rolls .	amazing roti rolls	UNPAIR
seating is always prompt , though the restaurant does fill up in the evening .	prompt seating	PAIR
for the price , you can not eat this well in manhattan .	well price	UNPAIR
we were drawn into the belly dancing show that captivated the crowd .	captivated crowd	UNPAIR
try the chef ' s choice for sushi as the smoked yellowtail was incredible and the rolls were also tasty .	tasty rolls	PAIR
bottles of wine are cheap and good .	good bottles of wine	PAIR
i highly recommend this beautiful place .	recommend place	PAIR
try the pad thai , it ' s fabulous and their prices are so cheap !	fabulous pad thai	PAIR
however , one sunday afternoon my husband and i did go ( although with my loud protests ) and were pleasantly surprised .	loud sunday afternoon	UNPAIR
i have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at la lanterna .	great service	UNPAIR
( that is a must , but not every restaurant can do . . . )	must restaurant	UNPAIR
fancy pieces of exotic fish on a $ 100 dollar plate and not one was eatable .	fancy plate	UNPAIR
still , any quibbles about the bill were off - set by the pour - your - own measures of liquers which were courtesey of the house . . .	courtesey house	UNPAIR
i ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive .	expensive dishes	PAIR
the atmosphere was just okay .	okay atmosphere	PAIR
the food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates .	appetizing food	PAIR
suan is a great place that i often take my friends ( classmates ) too .	great suan	PAIR
i have not a bad thing to say about this place .	not a bad place	PAIR
on a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch .	fabulous lunch	UNPAIR
everyone that sat in the back outside agreed that it was the worst service we had ever received .	worst everyone	UNPAIR
we ' re ca n ' t say enough about their delicious gourmet pizza ’ s !	pizza ’ s delicious	PAIR
very immature bartender , didnt know how to make specific drinks , service was so slowwwww , the food was not fresh or warm , waitresses were busy flirting with men at the bar and werent very attentive to all the customers .	immature bartender	PAIR
the only things u could really taste are the very salty soy sauce ( even its low sodium ) , the vinegar - soaked rice , and the scallion on top of the fish .	vinegar - soaked soy sauce	UNPAIR
our server was very professional and friendly .	friendly server	PAIR
the service was extremely fast and attentive ( thanks to the service button on your table ) but i barely understood 1 word when the waiter took our order .	thanks to service button	PAIR
i ' ve had the jellyfish , horse mackerel , blue fin tuna and the sake ikura roll among others , and they were all good .	good jellyfish	PAIR
the pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in nyc .	delicious pizza	PAIR
the servers at flatbush farm appear to have perfected that ghastly technique of making you feel guilty and ashamed for deigning to attract their attention .	perfected servers	PAIR
the food was delicious ( i had a halibut special , my husband had steak ) , and the service was top - notch .	top - notch food	UNPAIR
despite the confusing mirrors this will likely be my go - to for modern japanese food for the foreseeable future .	confusing modern japanese food	UNPAIR
for the amount of food we got the prices should have been lower .	lower prices	UNPAIR
we put in our order and although we ordered 4 appetizers , the food did n ' t arrive until 45 minutes later . . . with our main course .	main minutes	UNPAIR
the wife had the risotto which was amazing .	amazing risotto	PAIR
been there lots since and its always a good time .	good lots	UNPAIR
their bagels are fine , but they are a little overcooked , and not really a ' special ' bagel experience .	overcooked bagels	PAIR
if you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo .	like food	UNPAIR
i have to highly recommend the lobster roll - not to much mayo ; you can tell it was a fresh lobster .	fresh lobster	PAIR
the manager was rude and handled the situation extremely poorly .	rude situation	UNPAIR
i am so happy to have a wonderful italian restaurant in my neighborhood .	happy italian restaurant	PAIR
the drinks are amazing and half off till 8pm .	amazing half	UNPAIR
the food was great and tasty , but the sitting space was too small , i do n ' t like being cramp in a corner .	too small food	UNPAIR
freshest sushi – i love this restaurant .	love restaurant	PAIR
go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience .	wow dinner	UNPAIR
on a recent sunday afternoon , a friend and i accidently found this great restaurant on our way to see the pulitzer prize winning play doubt .	great restaurant	PAIR
– after 12 years in seattle ray ' s rates as the place we always go back to .	seattle ray ' s	UNPAIR
the manager was rude and handled the situation extremely poorly .	poorly manager	PAIR
my wife and i always enjoy the young , not always well trained but nevertheless friendly , staff , all of whom have a story .	trained story	UNPAIR
the dessert ( we had a pear torte ) was good - but , once again , the staff was unable to provide appropriate drink suggestions .	unable to provide pear torte	UNPAIR
they have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great .	different salads	UNPAIR
baluchi ' s has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices .	reasonable food	UNPAIR
the food is amazing , rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza .	rich pastas	PAIR
this is the kind of place you ' d like to take all your friends to and still keep a secret .	secret friends	UNPAIR
the wine list is incredible and extensive and diverse , the food is all incredible and the staff was all very nice , good at their jobs and cultured .	good staff	PAIR
the owner is belligerent to guests that have a complaint .	belligerent guests	UNPAIR
the decor is vibrant and eye - pleasing with several semi - private boths on the right side of the dining hall , which are great for a date .	vibrant decor	PAIR
the atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can .	fast waiters	PAIR
– i ca n ' t believe murphy ' s has been around for over 25 years , amazing .	amazing years	UNPAIR
love the food .	love food	PAIR
i ca n ' t remember the last time i had such gross food in new york .	gross food	PAIR
so about the prawns , they were fresh and had a slight crispiness about the batter . . . soooo good . . . the walnuts were cut in smaller pieces and very crunchy and tasty .	tasty prawns	UNPAIR
– this is one of my top lunch spots , huge portions , fast service and amazing margaritas ! !	amazing margaritas	PAIR
very ` ` normal indian food ' ' , but done really well .	normal indian food	PAIR
the service was excellent , the coffee was good even by starbucks standards and the food was outstanding .	good food	UNPAIR
– i took my parents here for their anniversary - very very disappointed ! ! !	disappointed parents	UNPAIR
i was n ' t thrilled to have to wait on line for thirty minutes , but i guess that ' s the price you pay for a popular place .	popular place	UNPAIR
good food , great service , average prices ( for the strip )	average service	UNPAIR
we went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a saturday , and i was thoroughly impressed with the food .	impressed lunch	UNPAIR
the atmosphere was pretty nice but had a bit lacking , which it tries to make up for with a crazy scheme of mirrors .	nice atmosphere	PAIR
i was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever .	worst restaurant	UNPAIR
and they packaged everything nicely so it did n ' t spill .	nicely t spill	UNPAIR
i completely recommend casa la femme for any special occasion and to really impress your date .	recommend date	UNPAIR
during the course of the past 3 months , the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better .	not for the better staff	PAIR
i ' ve enjoyed 99 % of the dishes we ' ve ordered with the only exceptions being the occasional too - authentic - for - me dish ( i ' m a daring eater but not that daring ) .	enjoyed dish	UNPAIR
– great drinks , corn beef hash , coffee , b fast burritos , gluten free menu .	great drinks	PAIR
i found the food to be outstanding , particulary the salmon dish i had .	outstanding food	PAIR
the service was excellent - friendly and attentive .	attentive service	PAIR
all the people that i bring there go back on their own and bring their friends !	own people	UNPAIR
to start things off , our lovely server brooke was quickly on hand to take my drink order .	quickly things	UNPAIR
we wo n ' t go to this place again for a good meal .	good place	UNPAIR
best restaurant in brooklyn	best brooklyn	UNPAIR
the all - u - can - eat sushi is definitely in very poor quality .	poor quality all - u - can - eat sushi	PAIR
i have been to roth ' s twice and both times were very disappointing .	disappointing . twice	UNPAIR
the lobster sandwich is $ 24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price .	not nearly enough lobster sandwich	PAIR
this place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a restaurant , the food .	forgotten food	PAIR
the service is fantastic at this fun place .	fantastic place	UNPAIR
great , original taste .	great taste	UNPAIR
ravioli was good . . . but i have to say that i found everything a bit overpriced .	overpriced ravioli	UNPAIR
conveniently located too , being right on bedford ave .	right bedford ave	UNPAIR
we wo n ' t go to this place again for a good meal .	good meal	PAIR
the music playing was very hip , 20 - 30 something pop music , but the subwoofer to the sound system was located under my seat , which became annoying midway through dinner .	annoying subwoofer to the sound system	PAIR
the waitress moved our table practically into the bathroom and when we asked to cancel our dinner orders because we did not want to eat sitting on the toilet , we were told no . . .	table dinner orders	UNPAIR
the food was not fresh , the sauces were bland and very oily .	oily food	UNPAIR
i had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible .	last duck breast special	UNPAIR
the cream cheeses are out of this world and i love that coffee ! !	love cream cheeses	UNPAIR
after really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner .	enjoying bar	PAIR
delivery can be spot on or lacking depending on the weather and the day of the week .	lacking weather	UNPAIR
this place , which is only a few months old , is perhaps queens ' biggest secret !	few secret	UNPAIR
great food , amazing service , this place is a class act .	class act place	PAIR
the restaurant offers an extensive wine list and an ambiance you wo n ' t forget !	extensive wine list	PAIR
food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when i went .	terrific view of the new york city skiline	PAIR
to top it all off . . the main reason we came to your restaurant was for the belly dancers and missed the first show as we were not seated yet and the 2nd belly dancer only danced at two tables in the back of the restaurant and never made it around to the other half of the restaurant .	first restaurant	UNPAIR
i love breakfast here .	love breakfast	PAIR
for desserts , we tried the frozen black sesame mousse ( interesting but not extraordinary ) and matcha ( powdered green tea ) and blueberry cheesecake , which was phenomenal .	extraordinary frozen black sesame mousse	PAIR
the chips and salsa are so yummy , and the prices are fabulous .	fabulous chips	UNPAIR
the steak was done to my exact liking ( medium rare ) and was nice and juicy .	exact rare	UNPAIR
great vibe , lots of people .	great vibe	PAIR
this place is not worth the prices .	not worth prices	UNPAIR
the ambiance of the restaurant was nice and good for fine dinning .	fine ambiance	UNPAIR
i have to highly recommend the lobster roll - not to much mayo ; you can tell it was a fresh lobster .	fresh lobster roll	UNPAIR
when i lived upstate for a while i would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else .	better while i	UNPAIR
this place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time .	correct ambience	PAIR
the chips and salsa are so yummy , and the prices are fabulous .	yummy chips	PAIR
the outdoor atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was wonderful .	wonderful feet	UNPAIR
ambience is so cute and quaint , good for business although we were there on vacation .	cute ambience	PAIR
average to good thai food , but terrible delivery .	average to good delivery	UNPAIR
oh , and i never write reviews - - i just was so moved by how bad this place was , i felt it was my duty to spread the word .	write word	UNPAIR
enjoyed the food	enjoyed food	PAIR
the waiter was a bit unfriendly and the feel of the restaurant was crowded .	unfriendly waiter	PAIR
while the ambiance and atmosphere were great , the food and service could have been a lot better .	could have been a lot better service	PAIR
my friend from milan and myself were pleasantly surprised when we arrived and everyone spoke italian .	surprised friend	UNPAIR
i liked the atmosphere very much but the food was not worth the price .	liked atmosphere	PAIR
the service was excellent - friendly and attentive .	friendly service	PAIR
not only is the cuisine the best around , the service has always been attentive and charming .	charming service	PAIR
prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant .	unappealing resturant	PAIR
the hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out .	rude waitress	PAIR
the boths are not as small as some of the reviews make them out to look they ' re perfect for 2 people .	perfect people	UNPAIR
when i lived upstate for a while i would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else .	better bagels	PAIR
to their credit they removed the dish from the check ; but no manager stopped by to ask what the problem was .	to their credit manager	UNPAIR
we did have the same waiter the second time , so maybe the service is spotty and our luck is good .	good waiter	PAIR
when i got there i sat up stairs where the atmosphere was cozy & the service was horrible !	cozy atmosphere	PAIR
the portion sizes here are huge , and the sushi is good .	huge portion sizes	PAIR
great wine selection , gigondas is worth the price , and the house champagne is a great value .	great value house champagne	PAIR
the food is not what it once was ( potions have seriously seen downsizing ) prices have gone up , and the service is the worst i have experienced anywhere ( including mainland europe ) .	worst service	PAIR
however , once i received my predictably mediocre order of what dokebi thinks passes as korean fair , ( sometimes you have to settle when it ' s your only option ) , i got through about half my kimchee before i found a piece of random lettuce accompanied by a far more disgusting , slimy , clearly bad piece of fish skin .	disgusting korean fair	UNPAIR
when we finally were able to flag someone down , it was someone entirely different from the person who had dropped off the food , who was also not the same person who had taken our order .	different person	UNPAIR
what a tastly , flaky treat !	tastly treat	UNPAIR
every time in new york i make it a point to visit restaurant saul on smith street .	new point	UNPAIR
the catering is out of this world , and raouls chicken vegetable soup rocks my world ! ! !	rocks raouls chicken vegetable soup	PAIR
the food was great , the margaritas too but the waitress was too busy being nice to her other larger party than to take better care of my friend and me .	great waitress	UNPAIR
its worth the wait , especially since they ' ll give you a call when the table is ready .	ready call	UNPAIR
for 7 years they have put out the most tasty , most delicious food and kept it that way . . .	tasty food	PAIR
in the evening , this place attracted a well dressed , with it , ny crowd .	attracted evening	UNPAIR
if you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you ' ll love it here .	like bottle	UNPAIR
we were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date .	red waiter	UNPAIR
however , once i received my predictably mediocre order of what dokebi thinks passes as korean fair , ( sometimes you have to settle when it ' s your only option ) , i got through about half my kimchee before i found a piece of random lettuce accompanied by a far more disgusting , slimy , clearly bad piece of fish skin .	mediocre kimchee	UNPAIR
i picked the asparagus , which turned out to be incredible and perfectly prepared .	perfectly prepared asparagus	PAIR
good creative rolls !	good rolls	PAIR
pizza is terrific , as is homemade pasta .	terrific pasta	UNPAIR
server made several sake suggestions which were very good .	several sake	UNPAIR
the only drawback is the crowded seating and the slow service .	crowded seating	PAIR
this place has ruined me for neighborhood sushi .	ruined sushi	PAIR
we were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order .	dessert bill	UNPAIR
the rice to fish ration was also good - - they did n ' t try to overpack the rice .	good rice to fish ration	PAIR
furthermore , the rice had no seasoning , so the sushi was bland and disgusting .	bland rice	UNPAIR
green tea creme brulee gets better each time i have it .	better time i	UNPAIR
i was there for brunch recently , and we were tag teamed by a waitress and a waiter .	teamed waitress	PAIR
this has got to be one of the most overrated restaurants in brooklyn .	overrated brooklyn	UNPAIR
great atmosphere	great atmosphere	PAIR
definitely has one of the best jukebox ' s i ' ve seen in a long long time .	best time	UNPAIR
two rascally kids were seated near us for the first part of our dinner . . . they were replaced by a delightful preteen who pretended to gag every time seafood was mentioned at her table .	delightful part	UNPAIR
nice ambience , but highly overrated place .	overrated place	PAIR
it is n ' t the cheapest sushi but has been worth it every time .	n ' t the cheapest sushi	PAIR
the pad se ew chicken was delicious , however the pad thai was far too oily .	delicious pad se ew chicken	PAIR
the food was absolutely amazing ! !	amazing food	PAIR
in summer - eat outside on a terrace ( another great feature of suan ) ! ! !	great summer	UNPAIR
the concept of japanese tapas is newly created and clearly does n ' t work .	does n ' t work japanese tapas	PAIR
service was prompt , friendly and great .	friendly service	PAIR
the food was amazing , and the service was prompt and helpful , but not over - bearing or rushed .	prompt food	UNPAIR
but $ 1 for each small piece ? ? ?	small piece	UNPAIR
i have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at la lanterna .	good staff	UNPAIR
the wait here is long for dim sum , but if you do n ' t like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig , this is a sleek ( for chinatown ) alternative .	long wait	PAIR
its just a fun place to go , not a five star restaraunt .	five star restaraunt	PAIR
i ' m glad i was introduced to this place and this is a rare gem in ny .	glad gem	UNPAIR
the ambiance was a peaceful and relaxing break amongst all the kids running around in downtown disney .	relaxing ambiance	PAIR
the atmosphere is n ' t the greatest , but i suppose that ' s how they keep the prices down .	is n ' t the greatest atmosphere	PAIR
servers are all different , greg is my favorite .	different greg	UNPAIR
i was visiting new york city with a friend and we discovered this really warm and inviting restaurant .	inviting restaurant	PAIR
downtown dinner 2002 - prixe fix : appetizers were ok , waiter gave me poor suggestion . . . try the potato stuff kanish best one .	ok waiter	UNPAIR
the lobster knuckles ( special of the day ) were ok , but pretty tasteless .	ok lobster knuckles	PAIR
food was amazing - i love indian food and eat it quite regularly , but i can say this is one of the best i ' ve had .	love food	PAIR
the hot dogs are top notch , and they ' re slamwich is amazing !	amazing hot dogs	UNPAIR
to sum it up : service varies from good to mediorce , depending on which waiter you get ; generally it is just average ok .	mediorce service	PAIR
i will be out with friends and all of a sudden i am hungry and i only crave one thing . . . their pizza .	crave pizza	PAIR
the sashimi was the freshest and most tender i have ever tasted .	tender sashimi	PAIR
it hits the spot every time	hits spot	UNPAIR
food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when i went .	good view of the new york city skiline	UNPAIR
i picked the asparagus , which turned out to be incredible and perfectly prepared .	incredible asparagus	PAIR
this has got to be one of the most overrated restaurants in brooklyn .	overrated restaurants	UNPAIR
everything on the menu is great .	great everything	UNPAIR
stepped on my foot on the second time he reached over me to adjust lighting .	second foot	UNPAIR
we were worried we would have trouble getting in , but somehow managed to have a short wait .	short trouble	UNPAIR
chennai garden is my favorite indian restaurant in the city .	favorite chennai garden	PAIR
they have a wide variety of fish and they even list which oceans they come from ; atlantic or pacific .	atlantic pacific	UNPAIR
with the great variety on the menu , i eat here often and never get bored .	great variety menu	PAIR
the service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing .	good group outing	UNPAIR
the seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches .	uncomfortable wall	UNPAIR
everything , and i mean everything on the menu is delectable .	delectable everything	UNPAIR
beef noodle soup is good as well .	good beef noodle soup	PAIR
when you ' re sitting in their main dining room ( which has a spectacular , hand - painted high ceiling ) you ' d never know there was a world outside .	spectacular ceiling	PAIR
food was fine , with a some little - tastier - than - normal salsa .	fine salsa	PAIR
our waiter was non - existent and after our food finally arrived over an hour after we ordered , we were not given any water or utensils .	non - existent utensils	UNPAIR
the atmosphere was pretty nice but had a bit lacking , which it tries to make up for with a crazy scheme of mirrors .	lacking atmosphere	PAIR
only complaint is the pricing - - i believe it would be more reasonable to pay a dollar less on each item listed on the menu .	reasonable dollar	UNPAIR
drawbacks : service is slow and they do n ' t toast !	slow service	PAIR
caution - its real food for people who love the best .	best caution	UNPAIR
late night dinning with exeptional food .	exeptional night	UNPAIR
i ' ve had my fair share of modern japanese and this spot delivers .	fair modern japanese	UNPAIR
i took one look at the chicken and i was appalled .	appalled chicken	PAIR
good food .	good food	PAIR
it ' s a perfect place to have a amazing indian food .	amazing indian food	PAIR
the specialty here is decadent pancakes , but i ' ve been back now four times , and i ' ve been wowed every time .	decadent pancakes	PAIR
good sushi , high price	high sushi	PAIR
for desert we had the mango ginger creme brulee . . . oh la la yummy ! ! !	yummy mango ginger creme brulee	PAIR
my only negative comment is that i wish the pieces were a little bigger .	bigger pieces	UNPAIR
we all agreed that mare is one of the best seafood restaurants in new york .	best mare	PAIR
poor service and management	poor service	PAIR
have never had a problem with service save a missing rice once .	problem rice	UNPAIR
the ambience was nice , but service was n ' t so great .	nice ambience	PAIR
it is sad there is not many people who frequent eating at places like these that look pricey because they are at the hotel . . . but they are definitely one you dont want to miss , esp if your in downtown san jose .	many jose	UNPAIR
eating in , the atmosphere saves it , but at your desk , it ' s a very disappointing experience .	disappointing atmosphere	UNPAIR
honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives .	worst husband	UNPAIR
anybody who likes this place must be from a different planet , where greasy , dry and tasteless are complimentary .	complimentary place	UNPAIR
i was frankly shocked when i read the bad reviews - this place is fantastic ; it has not let us down in any way , and we ' ve eaten here more than 10 times .	fantastic place	PAIR
we shared the family platter and i especially enjoyed the black cod in sake kasu .	enjoyed family platter	UNPAIR
the place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic .	fantastic food	PAIR
and even more so unpleasant because it was so costly for such an unpleasant experience .	costly experience	UNPAIR
ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me .	plus ingredients	PAIR
my girlfriend , being slightly more aggressive , and having been equally disgusted causing her to throw out the remainder of her barely eaten meal , called back only to be informed that i was probably wrong and that it was most likely an oyster , and that we were also blacklisted from their restaurant .	disgusted meal	PAIR
– great drinks , corn beef hash , coffee , b fast burritos , gluten free menu .	free corn beef hash	UNPAIR
always busy , but they are good at seating you promptly and have quick service .	good service	UNPAIR
i really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi ( on saffron risotto yum ! ) .	like mahi mahi ( on saffron risotto	PAIR
what else can you say nice people amazing food wow	nice people	PAIR
the service was excellent , the coffee was good even by starbucks standards and the food was outstanding .	outstanding coffee	UNPAIR
the potato balls were not dry at all . . . in fact it was buttery .	buttery fact	UNPAIR
i had a taste of all three items on her plate , and they were superb .	superb taste	UNPAIR
i was shocked that my friends wanted to stay after the waitress said , ` ` can i help you ' ' and ` ` how many are in your party . ' '	many friends	UNPAIR
i went there with a friend from out of town . . . and we were both very impressed !	impressed town	UNPAIR
the only things u could really taste are the very salty soy sauce ( even its low sodium ) , the vinegar - soaked rice , and the scallion on top of the fish .	vinegar - soaked rice	PAIR
this place is charming and relaxing .	charming place	PAIR
i ' ll being with a couple of positives : cool decor , good pita and hummus , and grilled octopus that was actually pretty tasty .	good hummus	PAIR
we asked for sides which the waiter than admitted that he forgot to put in that part of our order .	forgot waiter	PAIR
the decor is vibrant and eye - pleasing with several semi - private boths on the right side of the dining hall , which are great for a date .	great semi - private boths	PAIR
it was totally overpriced - fish and chips was about $ 15 . . . .	overpriced fish and chips	PAIR
you can easily hear him though so it was a pleasant sound and not overbearing .	pleasant sound	UNPAIR
ok . . . . – maybe i went in on someone ' s bad day . . . .	bad someone	UNPAIR
but the space is small and lovely , and the service is helpful .	helpful space	UNPAIR
best neighborhood standby .	best standby	PAIR
however , i think this place is a good hang out spot .	good place	PAIR
their bagels are fine , but they are a little overcooked , and not really a ' special ' bagel experience .	fine bagel experience	UNPAIR
lexicographers take note : a new and fascinating definition of rudeness is alive and flourishing right here in brooklyn .	alive note	UNPAIR
always great service !	great service	PAIR
the counter service is bad .	bad counter service	PAIR
everyone raved about the atmosphere ( elegant rooms and absolutely incomparable views ) and the fabulous food !	elegant atmosphere	UNPAIR
the staff was accomodating , the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely .	accomodating food	UNPAIR
we had a great time at the jekyll and hyde pub last night .	great time night	UNPAIR
at first glance this place seems a bit pricey for a hot dog joint , but at bark you do n ' t just get your average hot dog .	first bark	UNPAIR
i thought this place was totally overrated .	overrated place	PAIR
i highly recommend cafe st . bart ' s for their food , the ambience and wonderful service .	recommend service	UNPAIR
the design and atmosphere is just as good .	good design	PAIR
my boyfriend had the new england chowder it was good but i think the award should go to the lobster bisque .	good new england chowder	PAIR
the scallops are apparently cooked in a black olive butter which really makes them unique ( not to mention tasty ) .	unique olive butter	UNPAIR
i have worked in restaurants and cook a lot , and there is no way a maggot should be able to get into well prepared food .	able way	UNPAIR
but the servers were extremely attentive and very friendly .	friendly servers	PAIR
the food arrived 20 minutes after i called , cold and soggy .	soggy minutes	UNPAIR
i book a gorgeous white organza tent which included a four course prix fix menu which we enjoyed a lot .	enjoyed four course prix fix menu	PAIR
warning : you may find it difficult to dine at other japanese restaurants after a visit to mizu !	japanese restaurants	UNPAIR
sometimes i get bad food and bad service , sometimes i get good good and bad service .	bad good	UNPAIR
lobster was good , nothing spectacular .	nothing spectacular lobster	PAIR
service is fast and friendly .	friendly service	PAIR
the staff is very good .	good staff	PAIR
i highly recommend cafe st . bart ' s for their food , the ambience and wonderful service .	wonderful service	PAIR
if you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you ' ll love it here .	love bottle	PAIR
the only fallback on this restaurant is the prices .	only prices	UNPAIR
the cream cheeses are out of this world and i love that coffee ! !	out of this world cream cheeses	PAIR
your friends will thank you for introducing them to this gem !	gem friends	UNPAIR
which lets face it . . . . at times it ' s a good thing .	good face	UNPAIR
great food , good size menu , great service and an unpretensious setting .	great setting	UNPAIR
ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away .	ive lotus leaf	UNPAIR
the only problem is you really have to warm up the pizza before it ' s edible , even when you order ahead .	problem pizza	PAIR
considering we were the last patrons there and it was after the closing time , the waitstaff did not rush us at all and made us feel comfortable and relaxed .	relaxed patrons	UNPAIR
however , one sunday afternoon my husband and i did go ( although with my loud protests ) and were pleasantly surprised .	pleasantly sunday afternoon	UNPAIR
great beer	great beer	PAIR
do n ' t dine at tamarind for the vegetarian dishes , they are simply not up to par with the non - veg selections .	not up to par vegetarian dishes	PAIR
all in all the food was good - a little on the expensive side , but fresh .	little side	UNPAIR
the shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful .	plentiful shrimp scampi	UNPAIR
– ray ' s ( suprisingly ) has the city ' s best & most diverse wine list .	most city	UNPAIR
seriously , this place kicks ass .	kicks ass place	PAIR
terrible service , food ok , pricey	terrible food	UNPAIR
everything we had was good or ok . . . . but definitely nothing great .	good everything	UNPAIR
overall , i would go back and eat at the restaurant again .	overall restaurant	UNPAIR
the best calamari in seattle !	best calamari	PAIR
yamato is an excellent place to go if youre not into sashimi , or if you have friends who doesnt like sushi much .	excellent sushi	UNPAIR
the restaurant is cute but not upscale .	not upscale restaurant	PAIR
i did not try the caviar but i tried their salmon and crab salad ( they are all good )	good crab salad	PAIR
never too crowded and always great service .	never too crowded service	UNPAIR
my boyfriend had prime rib it was good .	good prime rib	PAIR
the hostess is rude to the point of being offensive .	offensive point	UNPAIR
we were ushered to the bar to wait momentarily and upon arrival were so excited .	excited bar	UNPAIR
great food , great wine list , great service in a great neighborhood . . .	great service	PAIR
the hostess is rude to the point of being offensive .	rude point	UNPAIR
the server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile .	cool server	PAIR
my roommate and i love this place .	love place	PAIR
excellent food for great prices	excellent food	PAIR
guess what , i waited for twenty minutes before she came over and when she finally did , she says , ` ` oh well , i wish you would have said something earlier ' ' no apology , nothing .	nothing twenty minutes	UNPAIR
the house special roll is really good .	good house special roll	PAIR
a great place to meet up for some food and drinks . . .	great place	PAIR
– i highly recommend mioposto .	recommend mioposto	PAIR
the large selection of bruschettas , paninis , tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating .	large selection palate	UNPAIR
they never brought us complimentary noodles , ignored repeated requests for sugar , and threw our dishes on the table .	complimentary requests	UNPAIR
i had fish and my husband had the filet - both of which exceeded our expectations .	exceeded our expectations husband	UNPAIR
i ended the meal with the unusual dessert of a port and chocolate tasting . . . . yummy !	yummy dessert of a port and chocolate tasting	PAIR
drawbacks : service is slow and they do n ' t toast !	slow drawbacks	UNPAIR
good for dates or with friends .	good friends	UNPAIR
and the upstairs is a great place to hang out .	great place	UNPAIR
by far the best salad i have had in a fast food restaurant .	fast salad	UNPAIR
my party of two was feeling particularly ambitious , and we splurged on the shilshole sampler . . . a beautiful assortment of enormous white gulf prawns , smoked albacore tuna , ray ' s fantastic manila clams seasoned with dill , scallops in a tasty soy dressing , and a tiny pile of dungeness crab atop a sublime butter sauce .	tasty white gulf prawns	UNPAIR
the takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well .	great takeout	PAIR
– i will never forget the amazing meal , service , and ambiance i experience at this restaurant .	amazing service	PAIR
i recently went to this restaurant with some co - workers for lunch and had an amazing time .	amazing time workers	UNPAIR
the pizza ' s are thin crust and the menu offers very creative combinations and toppings .	thin pizza ' s	PAIR
its a little out of the way if you do n ' t live in the neighborhood , but definitely worth the trip from wherever you are .	little trip	UNPAIR
if you go , try the marinara / arrabiatta sauce , the mozzarella en carozza is mmmmmmmm . . . . . everything is just delicious .	try marinara / arrabiatta sauce	PAIR
service was devine , oysters where a sensual as they come , and the price ca n ' t be beat ! ! !	sensual oysters	PAIR
and it all comes at a very reasonable price ( congee , noodles , and rice dishes are no more than $ 3 - 6 each ) .	reasonable congee	PAIR
however , once i received my predictably mediocre order of what dokebi thinks passes as korean fair , ( sometimes you have to settle when it ' s your only option ) , i got through about half my kimchee before i found a piece of random lettuce accompanied by a far more disgusting , slimy , clearly bad piece of fish skin .	disgusting kimchee	PAIR
when you ' re sitting in their main dining room ( which has a spectacular , hand - painted high ceiling ) you ' d never know there was a world outside .	hand - painted high main dining room	UNPAIR
the service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals .	best hot sauce	PAIR
i have known about this secret for the last 13 years , emilio ( the godfather ) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices .	last gods	UNPAIR
i recommend this place to everyone .	recommend place	PAIR
i ended the meal with the unusual dessert of a port and chocolate tasting . . . . yummy !	unusual dessert of a port and chocolate tasting	PAIR
i am relatively new to the area and tried pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and i thought the food was overated and on the pricey side .	pricey food	PAIR
this little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money .	exceeded my expectations food	UNPAIR
there ' s another girl who i ca n ' t describe , she is about 5 ' 6 ' ' with brown hair , who eavesdrops on your conversation and chimes in - except she only hears the last part of what you said , so her uninvited opinions are often out of context and nothing to do with what you ' re * really * talking about .	last girl	UNPAIR
terrible waste of money . . scammers	terrible waste	UNPAIR
my wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it .	huge wife	UNPAIR
this establishment is the real deal .	real deal establishment	PAIR
the drinks are great , especially when made by raymond .	great raymond	PAIR
watch the talented belly dancers as you enjoy delicious baba ganoush that ' s more lemony than smoky .	talented belly dancers	PAIR
the three of us standing in front of her should have been an indication of how many of us there were .	many indication	UNPAIR
very good wine choices .	good wine choices	PAIR
the food is great and they have a good selection of wines at reasonable prices .	reasonable food	UNPAIR
we never ate because by close to 2 in the monring we were not served and were too upset ad tired to start eating .	tired close	UNPAIR
we had a very hard time getting the waitress ' attention and finally had to get up and go inside to speak to a manager .	hard attention	UNPAIR
the place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious .	cool service	UNPAIR
i ordered the vitello alla marsala and i was pretty impressed .	impressed vitello alla marsala	PAIR
the large selection of bruschettas , paninis , tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating .	large selection palate	UNPAIR
for the finicky sushi eater and those who have sampled the best nyc has to offer , the fish is the freshest and the service is superb .	freshest service	UNPAIR
if you ' re going to see danny gans or just staying at the mirage , do n ' t miss this one .	danny miss	UNPAIR
helpful service and average price per dish $ 10 .	helpful dish	UNPAIR
my son and his girlfriend both wanted cheeseburgers and they were huge !	huge girlfriend	UNPAIR
the food is great and the environment is even better .	better environment	PAIR
the food is great and they make a mean bloody mary .	great bloody mary	UNPAIR
the restaurant has a family feel , not least with regard to the portions which are enormous ; the veal alone could have single - handedly solved third world famine .	enormous veal	UNPAIR
saul is the best restaurant on smith street and in brooklyn .	smith saul	UNPAIR
the service was terrible , we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served .	terrible people	UNPAIR
pizza was a little soggy .	soggy pizza	PAIR
it ' s simply the best meal in nyc .	best nyc	UNPAIR
i showed it to the manager , and he smilingly apologized and brought us two free desserts ( but did not ask us what we wanted and so brought the last two desserts we would have asked for ) .	free manager	UNPAIR
which of course is not real kobe but wagyu beef .	real course	UNPAIR
worth visiting the 1st ave spot because it is the original store .	original 1st ave spot	UNPAIR
with so many good restaurants on the uws , i do n ' t need overpriced food , absurdly arrogant wait - staff who do n ' t recognize they work at a glorified diner , clumsy service , and management that does n ' t care .	overpriced food	PAIR
the spicy tuna roll is huge and probably the best that i ' ve had at this price range .	best spicy tuna roll	PAIR
the owner and staff are all japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance .	adds staff	UNPAIR
– by far the best bar in the east village . . .	best bar	PAIR
i must give it yon out of yon stars !	yon stars	UNPAIR
the presentation of the food was an added bonus , it looked just as great as it tasted !	added food	UNPAIR
also , they serve the best hummus in america , with a drizzle of fragrant olive oil ( which , i believe is the traditional way ) !	best hummus	PAIR
the hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out .	rude hostess	PAIR
the combination of super - fresh ingredients in the dishes are unusual but really delicious .	unusual dishes	UNPAIR
the service was courteous and attentive .	attentive service	PAIR
the food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions .	hot portions	UNPAIR
- mediocre service / quality	mediocre service	PAIR
service here was great , food was fantastic .	great service	PAIR
the four seasons has history and it is a sort of landmark of new york city restaurants , but trust me , they will charge you through the nose just so that you can say ` ` i ' ve been to the four seasons restaurant ' ' .	nose york city restaurants	UNPAIR
it ' s great to go for a quick lunch either alone or with a friend .	quick lunch	UNPAIR
the prices are wonderfully low .	wonderfully low prices	UNPAIR
in grammercy / union square / east village this is my neighbors and my favorite spot .	favorite neighbors	UNPAIR
best of all is the warm vibe , the owner is super friendly and service is fast .	warm vibe	PAIR
our waitress was n ' t mean , but not especially warm or attentive either .	n ' t mean waitress	PAIR
if you are looking for a good quality , cheap eats - this is the place .	good quality place	UNPAIR
in any event , this is a place i ' ll be sure to stop by again when i ' m in this part of town .	sure town	UNPAIR
simply some good tasting chinese food at incredible prices . . .	incredible prices	UNPAIR
the wine the service was very good too .	good wine	PAIR
service not the friendliest to our ` ` large party ' ' !	large party	UNPAIR
the place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious .	prompt place	UNPAIR
– ray ' s is the place to go for high quality seafood dinners .	high quality seafood dinners	PAIR
too bad i had paid an extra $ 2 for the stone bowl .	extra stone bowl	UNPAIR
food was amazing - i love indian food and eat it quite regularly , but i can say this is one of the best i ' ve had .	love eat	UNPAIR
admittedly some nights inside the restaurant were rather warm , but the open kitchen is part of the charm .	charm restaurant	UNPAIR
the scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary .	ordinary fried dumplings	UNPAIR
on our last visit , they skipped over our name on the list , leaving us waiting an extra hour for a table .	extra name	UNPAIR
it is obvious that no one in the restaurant has any idea about or experience with japanese cuisine .	obvious one	UNPAIR
lebanese food ! yum !	yum lebanese food	PAIR
the pesto pizza was excellent , thin - crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy italian cheese that i ' d never heard of before .	nice spicy italian cheese	PAIR
either that , or the editor ' s idea of romance must be sharing a conversation with the next table , while trying to speak louder than the traffic on 57th .	louder romance	UNPAIR
each time we ' ve been , the front of house staff ( not the waiters - they ' re fantastic - but the people who greet and seat you ) has been so hideous to us that were it not for the exceptional fish dishes i would never return .	fantastic waiters	PAIR
worth visiting the 1st ave spot because it is the original store .	worth store	UNPAIR
– it is sad to see a place that was once ` ` the ' ' place to meet and eat for bfast or lunch , now be the place that is a big ` ` dont bother . ' '	sad place	PAIR
the place ' s decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh .	good laugh hidden bathrooms	PAIR
the veal was incredible last night .	incredible night	UNPAIR
the fish was fresh , though it was cut very thin .	thin fish	PAIR
the service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals .	fast food	UNPAIR
definitely worth the trip to battery park city !	park trip	UNPAIR
the buffet had a nice selection .	nice selection	UNPAIR
i ' m not sure where the other reviewers ate but it seems as if we visited two different restaurants because my friends and i all enjoy mizu very much . . . and we ' re repeat customers .	different friends	UNPAIR
my party of two was feeling particularly ambitious , and we splurged on the shilshole sampler . . . a beautiful assortment of enormous white gulf prawns , smoked albacore tuna , ray ' s fantastic manila clams seasoned with dill , scallops in a tasty soy dressing , and a tiny pile of dungeness crab atop a sublime butter sauce .	enormous butter sauce	UNPAIR
this guy refused to seat her and she left , followed shortly by the four of us , but not before i told him that in my 40 years of world travel , including paris , that i had never seen such a display of bad behavior by a frontman in a restaurant .	bad display	UNPAIR
it is n ' t the cheapest sushi but has been worth it every time .	n ' t the cheapest time	UNPAIR
– best mexican place for lunch in the financial district .	best mexican place	PAIR
atmosphere was nice .	nice atmosphere	PAIR
the bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines .	well priced wines	PAIR
the first time the sushi was outstanding , the second time it was a little bland .	bland sushi	PAIR
excellent sashimi , and the millennium roll is beyond delicious .	excellent millennium roll	UNPAIR
portions was just enough for me , but may not be for a big eater .	big portions	UNPAIR
you are not eating haut cuisine with subtle hints of whatever but : cassuolet , steake fritte , tripe stew , etc ; simple stuff .	subtle stuff	UNPAIR
best chinese food i have tasted in a long time	long chinese food	UNPAIR
everything is always cooked to perfection , the service is excellent , the decor cool and understated .	understated decor	PAIR
this is such a lovely , peaceful place to eat outside .	outside place	UNPAIR
while finishing our meals which included a high - end bottle of wine , our son ' s fiance joined us for a glass of wine and dessert .	high - end son	UNPAIR
just because it ' s cheap does not mean the portions are small or the food is nasty , it is great !	great portions	UNPAIR
rao ' s has the best service and atmosphere in nyc .	best rao	UNPAIR
everyone was smiling so that made me feel welcome .	welcome everyone	UNPAIR
we thought that this place is using too much of msg cooking in the foods .	much foods	UNPAIR
the pizza was pretty good and huge .	huge pizza	PAIR
this place has the best chinese style bbq ribs in the city .	chinese place	UNPAIR
nothing on the menu is less than amazing .	amazing nothing	UNPAIR
prices are very good .	good prices	UNPAIR
nice job !	nice job	UNPAIR
service was quick .	quick service	PAIR
i would recommend roxy ' s for that , but not for their food .	recommend food	PAIR
this is an amazing place to try some roti rolls .	try place	UNPAIR
here the hot dog is elevated to the level of a real entree with numerous variations available .	elevated variations	UNPAIR
with the great variety on the menu , i eat here often and never get bored .	great variety eat	UNPAIR
the hostess was rude and i got a distinct feeling that they did not want to serve us .	rude hostess	PAIR
i should have just asked for the check when i saw that ; but their menu was so unique that i continued .	unique menu	PAIR
always good drinks and service is pretty good ;	good service	PAIR
the service is amazing , i ' ve had different waiters and they were all nice , which is a rare thing in nyc .	nice waiters	PAIR
the potato balls were not dry at all . . . in fact it was buttery .	not dry potato balls	PAIR
an awesome organic dog , and a conscious eco friendly establishment .	awesome establishment	UNPAIR
can get busy on fridays for a table but once seated , the service is so efficient you can be in and out of there quickly .	busy table	UNPAIR
again , i ' d be super upset if that were my employee .	super employee	UNPAIR
we are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included : ceviche mix ( special ) , crab dumplings , assorted sashimi , sushi and rolls , two types of sake , and the banana tempura .	particular banana tempura	UNPAIR
there was no tap beer that evening , which was a disappointment .	disappointment beer	PAIR
the ambiance was a peaceful and relaxing break amongst all the kids running around in downtown disney .	relaxing kids	UNPAIR
fish is so very fresh .	fresh fish	PAIR
we did arrive late for our reservation so i can not complain too much about the wait for a table .	arrive late	UNPAIR
give it a try and enjoy .	enjoy try	UNPAIR
i ca n ' t saybenough good things about this restaurant , and i ca n ' t wait for my next several visits .	several saybenough	UNPAIR
the food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu - fare , the dishes are never a disappointment .	never a disappointment regular menu - fare	UNPAIR
snotty attitude	snotty attitude	UNPAIR
the atmosphere is unheralded , the service impecible , and the food magnificant .	magnificant food	PAIR
too bad the food was n ' t of the same heritage .	same heritage	UNPAIR
best dining experience in the west village !	best experience	UNPAIR
the chana masala ( garbanzo beans ) are also excellent .	excellent chana masala ( garbanzo beans )	UNPAIR
it was like dining at a completely different restaurant .	different restaurant	UNPAIR
the ambience was nice , but service was n ' t so great .	was n ' t so great ambience	UNPAIR
the blond wood decor is very soothing , the premium sake is excellent and the service is great .	soothing premium sake	UNPAIR
so about the prawns , they were fresh and had a slight crispiness about the batter . . . soooo good . . . the walnuts were cut in smaller pieces and very crunchy and tasty .	fresh prawns	PAIR
best meal in a long time !	best meal	PAIR
we did have the same waiter the second time , so maybe the service is spotty and our luck is good .	second waiter	UNPAIR
food was fine , with a some little - tastier - than - normal salsa .	little food	UNPAIR
not a very fancy place but very good chinese style indian food .	fancy place	PAIR
great food , great decor , great service .	great decor	PAIR
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere .	simple food	PAIR
the only thing more wonderful than the food ( which is exceptional ) is the service .	exceptional service	UNPAIR
my chicken was inedible as there were so many fatty lumps which i had to keep spitting out into my napkin .	inedible napkin	UNPAIR
try green curry with vegetables .	try green curry with vegetables	PAIR
the potato balls were not dry at all . . . in fact it was buttery .	not dry fact	UNPAIR
the fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale .	not fresh rice	UNPAIR
i literally just got back home after visiting casa la femme and was so offended by my visit felt it necessary to try and warn other diners who value their money and time .	necessary time	UNPAIR
i was almost amused by the fact that she was turning away customers at 9pm on a friday night because she ` ` had a bbq to go to ' ' that night - wtf ? ?	friday night	UNPAIR
hurley ' s is like cheers where everyone knows your name and they are actually glad you came .	glad name	UNPAIR
had no flavor and the staff is rude and not attentive .	rude staff	PAIR
the service was extremely fast and attentive ( thanks to the service button on your table ) but i barely understood 1 word when the waiter took our order .	attentive service	PAIR
this is one of the best comfort food places in the city .	comfort city	UNPAIR
we paid and left because we did n ' t feel like arguing any more .	more feel	UNPAIR
the side of potatoes is to die for , as is the labne ( yogurt dip ) .	die for labne ( yogurt dip )	PAIR
the sushi is amazing ! ! !	amazing sushi	PAIR
as it turns out the owner was seated right next to us and when he came over to check on our problems was very dismissive and offered a token 20 % discount on our bill .	dismissive owner	PAIR
the mussels were fantastic and so was the dessert . . . definitely going to be back very soon .	fantastic dessert	PAIR
there have been several occasions when we ' ve just not gotten some side dishes we ' ve ordered .	several occasions	UNPAIR
the pasta was well cooked , did n ' t have enough sauce though or flavor .	well cooked pasta	PAIR
right off the l in brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza .	good place	UNPAIR
mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else .	unique rolls	PAIR
it does n ' t look appetizing as it ' s covered in squid ink and it turns your lips and teeth black , but the taste was phenomenal .	squid taste	UNPAIR
the outside patio area has an abbreviated menu .	outside patio area	UNPAIR
all their menu items are a hit , and they serve mimosas .	hit mimosas	UNPAIR
the food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back .	mediocre food	PAIR
no gimmicks here - - the food speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation .	preparation gimmicks	UNPAIR
price is high but the food is good , so i would come back again .	good price	UNPAIR
the pizza is yummy and i like the atmoshpere .	yummy atmoshpere	UNPAIR
slightly on the pricey side but worth it !	worth side	UNPAIR
the first time the sushi was outstanding , the second time it was a little bland .	little sushi	UNPAIR
worth visiting the 1st ave spot because it is the original store .	worth 1st ave spot	PAIR
much more than just a great view !	great view	PAIR
the owners are great fun and the beer selection is worth staying for .	worth staying for beer selection	PAIR
i / we will never go back to this place again .	never go back place	PAIR
my husbands birthday and my sons was not as it was intended . . . and we drove two hours to spend too much money to be treated terribly !	terribly sons	UNPAIR
definitely a great spot for a nice occasion or date .	great spot	PAIR
the food was all good but it was way too mild .	good way	UNPAIR
i highly recommend caviar russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service .	fantastic caviar	UNPAIR
big thick pepperoni	big pepperoni	PAIR
everyone was more then happy with his choices .	happy everyone	UNPAIR
it is not worth going at all and spend your money there ! ! !	not worth money	UNPAIR
you are bound to have a very charming time .	charming time	UNPAIR
i go out to eat and like my courses , servers are patient and never rush courses or force another drink .	patient courses	UNPAIR
too bad the food was n ' t of the same heritage .	bad food	PAIR
possibly the most romantic restaurant in the city	romantic restaurant	PAIR
– my husband and i love eating at mioposto cafe .	love husband	UNPAIR
look , the appetizers were really good .	good appetizers	PAIR
with so many poor experiences to be had in the theater district , is truly an excellent find !	excellent experiences	UNPAIR
rao ' s has the best service and atmosphere in nyc .	best atmosphere	PAIR
the takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well .	high takeout	UNPAIR
for desert we had the mango ginger creme brulee . . . oh la la yummy ! ! !	yummy desert	UNPAIR
my mom originally introduced me to this place , but even she ( being indian ) feels the food can be somewhat over the top spicy and far too oily .	top place	UNPAIR
unless you are just stopping in for a few drinks i would n ' t recommend going here .	n ' t recommend drinks	UNPAIR
the hot dogs are good , yes , but the reason to get over here is the fantastic pork croquette sandwich , perfect on its supermarket squishy bun .	good hot dogs	PAIR
best of all is the warm vibe , the owner is super friendly and service is fast .	friendly service	UNPAIR
i was visiting new york city with a friend and we discovered this really warm and inviting restaurant .	new restaurant	UNPAIR
– i ca n ' t believe murphy ' s has been around for over 25 years , amazing .	amazing murphy ' s	PAIR
we could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu .	yummy meal	UNPAIR
this place has ruined me for neighborhood sushi .	ruined place	UNPAIR
the last two times i ordered from here my food was soo spicy that i could barely eat it , and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish .	spicy food	PAIR
i loved everythig about it - especially the shows and actors .	loved actors	PAIR
reliable , fresh sushi	reliable sushi	PAIR
a coworker and i tried pacifico after work a few fridays and loved it .	loved coworker	UNPAIR
i ' ll being with a couple of positives : cool decor , good pita and hummus , and grilled octopus that was actually pretty tasty .	good decor	UNPAIR
if i needed to name some they would include the location to the beach or golden gate park .	golden beach	UNPAIR
pizza - the only pizza in nyc that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best , freshly baked bread !	freshly baked crust	PAIR
great indian food !	great indian food	PAIR
during the course of the past 3 months , the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better .	not for the better months	UNPAIR
everyone that sat in the back outside agreed that it was the worst service we had ever received .	worst service	PAIR
i love the warm & cosy environment .	warm environment	PAIR
– by far the best bar in the east village . . .	east bar	UNPAIR
most of the servers are very attentive , friendly and quite attractive .	most servers	UNPAIR
the place has a nice fit - out , some attractive furnishings and , from what i could tell , a reasonable wine list ( i was given the food menu when i asked for the carte des vins )	reasonable wine list	PAIR
the food was all good but it was way too mild .	too mild food	PAIR
i loved this place ! !	loved place	PAIR
if i want to stand in line on sunday for an hour to get average brunch food , then i would put murphy ' s at the top of the list .	average murphy	UNPAIR
the place is a bistro which means : simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere .	simple dishes	PAIR
– this place is unbelievably over - rated .	over - rated place	PAIR
great food and the prices are very reasonable .	reasonable food	UNPAIR
i am actually offended to have spent so much money on such a bad experience .	much experience	UNPAIR
good spreads , great beverage selections and bagels really tasty .	tasty spreads	UNPAIR
if you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo .	like chicken vindaloo	PAIR
the meat is fresh , the sauces are great , you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and service is good too .	free service	UNPAIR
pizza is terrific , as is homemade pasta .	terrific homemade	PAIR
i was shocked that my friends wanted to stay after the waitress said , ` ` can i help you ' ' and ` ` how many are in your party . ' '	many waitress	UNPAIR
everyone was cheerfully cooperative and helpful .	helpful everyone	UNPAIR
the music playing was very hip , 20 - 30 something pop music , but the subwoofer to the sound system was located under my seat , which became annoying midway through dinner .	annoying music	UNPAIR
i was one of the people that went for this horrible experience .	horrible people	UNPAIR
wonderful at holiday time .	wonderful time	UNPAIR
we did n ' t look like the other patrons in there so unfortunately i think that may have been part of the problem .	other patrons	UNPAIR
the prices were cheap compared to the quality of service and food .	cheap service	UNPAIR
i highly recommend this place to all that want to try indain food for the first time .	recommend indain food	PAIR
they have authentic indian at amazing prices .	authentic indian	PAIR
the food is amazing , rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza .	rich pizza	UNPAIR
blue ribbon lives up to it ' s fantastic reputation .	fantastic blue ribbon	PAIR
the flavors robust and subtle .	robust flavors	UNPAIR
a restaurant that does n ' t try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere .	pleasant food	UNPAIR
we were 4 and got the family size penne a la vodka which was tremendously gigantic portion . . . a bucket of food literally .	gigantic food	UNPAIR
great pizza and fantastic service .	fantastic pizza	UNPAIR
– as with most restaurants in seattle , mioposto ' s service was bad and the food was overpriced .	overpriced food	PAIR
great atmoshere and worth every bit .	great atmoshere	PAIR
my best friend had the chicken shawarma and she still raves about it being the best anywhere !	best friend	UNPAIR
an unpretentious spot in park slope , the sushi is consistently good , the service is pleasant , effective and unassuming .	good sushi	PAIR
personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights .	hungry size	UNPAIR
an excellent service	excellent service	PAIR
the worst excuse for japanese food i ' ve ever encountered .	worst food i	UNPAIR
they even scoop it out nice ( for those on a diet ) not too much not to little .	much diet	UNPAIR
the owners are great fun and the beer selection is worth staying for .	great beer selection	UNPAIR
their bagels are fine , but they are a little overcooked , and not really a ' special ' bagel experience .	fine bagels	PAIR
prices are fair across the board for both food and bev .	fair board	UNPAIR
food - awesome .	awesome food	PAIR
the decor is rustic , traditional japanese .	rustic decor	PAIR
vanison was good but not amazing .	not amazing vanison	PAIR
i recommend it for a night when you want to splurge ! ( it was a bit expensive )	expensive night	UNPAIR
went on a 3 day oyster binge , with fish bringing up the closing , and i am so glad this was the place it o trip ended , because it was so great !	great fish	PAIR
great food , amazing service , this place is a class act .	amazing service	PAIR
the steak was done to my exact liking ( medium rare ) and was nice and juicy .	nice steak	PAIR
the decor is vibrant and eye - pleasing with several semi - private boths on the right side of the dining hall , which are great for a date .	eye - pleasing semi - private boths	UNPAIR
great toppings definitely a place you need to check out for late night munchies or a mid day boost !	great place	UNPAIR
the only thing you can do here is walk in and eat . . but planning an event , especially a small , intimate one , forget about it .	small thing	UNPAIR
the decor is night tho . . . but they really need to clean that vent in the ceiling . . . its quite un - appetizing , and kills your effort to make this place look sleek and modern .	modern place	PAIR
the service is really attentive and charming .	charming service	PAIR
i also really enjoy the simplicity of the decor and intimate feeling of a small restaurant .	enjoy feeling	UNPAIR
we both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh .	fresh pasta dish	PAIR
food is usually very good , though ocasionally i wondered about freshmess of raw vegatables in side orders .	wondered about freshmess raw vegatables in side orders	PAIR
food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit	good not great food	PAIR
quick and friendly service .	quick service	PAIR
the presentation of snooze is excellent and it is one of those places that you feel more sophisticated just for being there ; but peel back the layers and you have an overpriced ihop with a high brow menu .	overpriced snooze	PAIR
i had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll .	huge pastrami sandwich on a roll	PAIR
best meal in a long time !	long time	UNPAIR
worst place on smith street in brooklyn	worst brooklyn	UNPAIR
during the course of the past 3 months , the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better .	not for the better months	UNPAIR
i have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri .	eaten pieces	UNPAIR
we took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it .	worth saturday	UNPAIR
– in a age of incremental cost cutting in restaurants , its nice to see a place that bucks that trend , and just plain delivers high quality food and good service , period .	good food	UNPAIR
great draft and bottle selection and the pizza rocks .	great draft and bottle selection	PAIR
i also really enjoy the simplicity of the decor and intimate feeling of a small restaurant .	intimate decor	UNPAIR
try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call ow ley soh , a delicious and sweet tasting bread .	delicious congee	UNPAIR
when we sat , we got great and fast service .	fast service	PAIR
great toppings definitely a place you need to check out for late night munchies or a mid day boost !	great toppings	PAIR
ray ' s is something of a seattle institution , but given its gorgeous sound views , i had suspected that the accolades were more due to the scenery than to the food and service .	gorgeous sound views	PAIR
best italian food i ever had ( and being italian , that means alot ) .	best alot	UNPAIR
a cool bar with great food , and tons of excellent beer .	excellent beer	PAIR
a beautifully designed dreamy egyptian restaurant that gets sceney at night .	dreamy night	UNPAIR
great seasonal fish and seafood , with a classy waterfront setting .	great seafood	PAIR
service is friendly , and never had a problem walking in and getting a table .	friendly table	UNPAIR
the svc can be a bit rude at times , esp if you have big group , but overall the restaurant is a must !	rude svc	PAIR
what else can you say nice people amazing food wow	amazing food	PAIR
the hot dogs were juicy and tender inside and had plenty of crunch and snap on the outside .	tender snap	UNPAIR
this was my frist time at cafe st . bart ' s and i must say how delicious the food and the service was .	delicious food	PAIR
admittedly some nights inside the restaurant were rather warm , but the open kitchen is part of the charm .	warm restaurant	PAIR
i liked the atmosphere very much but the food was not worth the price .	not worth food	PAIR
we put out name down and although there were open tables we were told that it ' d be a 30 minute wait .	open name	UNPAIR
( the asparagus , truffle oil , parmesan bruschetta is a winner ! )	winner parmesan bruschetta	PAIR
i did not try the caviar but i tried their salmon and crab salad ( they are all good )	good caviar	UNPAIR
prefer to order it and pick it up though because i do n ' t like the servers , one young woman in particular .	particular young woman	UNPAIR
my service was stellar !	stellar service	PAIR
it ' s just the right size for the menu .	right size	UNPAIR
we ordered the special , grilled branzino , that was so infused with bone , it was difficult to eat .	difficult to eat bone	UNPAIR
for me dishes a little oily , but overall dining experience good .	oily dishes	PAIR
this is can became on e of the ny italian food fare institutions .	italian food fare institutions	UNPAIR
– schooner or later ' s charming location along the marina in long beach and average food does not , unfortunately , compensate for its very poor customer service .	average food	PAIR
by the time we left our wallets were empty and so were our stomachs and we missed the show we were supposed to see following our dinner , which would have been acceptable if we got to enjoy the experience of good food and belly dancers !	good experience	UNPAIR
i ca n ' t saybenough good things about this restaurant , and i ca n ' t wait for my next several visits .	good restaurant	PAIR
the service was exceptional - sometime there was a feeling that we were served by the army of friendly waiters .	exceptional waiters	UNPAIR
when we finally were able to flag someone down , it was someone entirely different from the person who had dropped off the food , who was also not the same person who had taken our order .	able someone	UNPAIR
ok . . . . – maybe i went in on someone ' s bad day . . . .	bad day	UNPAIR
i ' ve been to at cafe spice probably 5 - 8 times , it is probably still the best indian restaurant around union square .	indian cafe spice	UNPAIR
the have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious , if i must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini .	happy beers	PAIR
the blond wood decor is very soothing , the premium sake is excellent and the service is great .	excellent blond wood decor	UNPAIR
mmm . . . good !	good mmm	UNPAIR
the lemon chicken tasted like sticky sweet donuts and the honey walnut prawns , the few they actually give you . . . . . were not good .	not good honey walnut prawns	PAIR
i swore never to return for a warm beer and mediocre meal .	mediocre beer	UNPAIR
my husband said he could ' ve eaten several more , the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had .	fine portion	PAIR
the service varys from day to day - sometimes they ' re very nice , and sometimes not .	nice service	UNPAIR
everything about this restaurant was special .	special restaurant	PAIR
mazing interior .	mazing interior	PAIR
i expected quite a bit more from such an expensive menu .	expensive bit	UNPAIR
overall , not worth the money .	overall money	UNPAIR
one of the best , if not the best , restaurants in park slope ( and ny in general )	general park slope	UNPAIR
my favortie pizza joint in seattle	favortie seattle	UNPAIR
i was so stunned , and i left the dinner hungry and majorly disappointing .	majorly dinner	UNPAIR
i have been to this place , folks and it is bad .	bad place	PAIR
the only thing that my friend left out is that when we sat down at the bar the bartender disappeared .	disappeared thing	UNPAIR
my g / f and i both agreed the food was very mediocre especially considering the price .	mediocre g / f	UNPAIR
the restaurant looks out over beautiful green lawns to the hudson river and the statue of liberty .	beautiful restaurant	PAIR
easily the worst stir - fried squid i ' ve ever tasted .	worst stir - fried squid	PAIR
the decor in this place is very diner - ish and the kind of place you expect in the east village - not romantic , just simple , small and sparse .	romantic simple	UNPAIR
seating is always prompt , though the restaurant does fill up in the evening .	prompt restaurant	UNPAIR
cool atmosphere , the fire place in the back really ads to it but needs a bit more heat throughout on a cold night .	cool fire place	UNPAIR
it may be a bit packed on weekends , but the vibe is good and it is the best french food you will find in the area .	good french food	UNPAIR
took my mom for mother ' s day , and the maitre d ' was pretty rude .	rude mother	UNPAIR
my wife and i always enjoy the young , not always well trained but nevertheless friendly , staff , all of whom have a story .	friendly staff	PAIR
the staff there is very attentive and down to earth .	attentive staff	PAIR
the only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent .	complete problem	UNPAIR
super yummy pizza !	super pizza	UNPAIR
i looove their eggplant pizza , as well as their pastas !	looove eggplant pizza	PAIR
which of course is not real kobe but wagyu beef .	wagyu kobe	UNPAIR
ess - a - bagel ( either by sty - town or midtown ) is by far the best bagel in ny .	best bagel	PAIR
the pizza ' s are thin crust and the menu offers very creative combinations and toppings .	creative pizza ' s	UNPAIR
as it turns out the owner was seated right next to us and when he came over to check on our problems was very dismissive and offered a token 20 % discount on our bill .	token owner	UNPAIR
i absolutely loved this place .	loved place	PAIR
please be aware that it ' s cash or amex only !	aware cash	UNPAIR
two complaints - - their appetizer selection stinks , it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu .	stinks complaints	UNPAIR
i have eaten at saul , many times , the food is always consistently , outrageously good .	many saul	UNPAIR
maybe i ' ll go back once more many years from now when i ' ve forgotten i went there already .	many forgotten	UNPAIR
it ' s boring on the inside , and our sushi was pretty below average . . . the tuna was soggy and the other rolls had no flavor .	boring rolls	UNPAIR
have recommended the place to friends , always gets good response .	good place	UNPAIR
the staff are friendly and the decor was ethic and colorful .	ethic decor	PAIR
i have been to rao ' s probably 15 times the past 3 years and it keeps getting better .	better rao ' s	PAIR
the food is authentic italian - delicious !	delicious food	PAIR
the restaurant has a family feel , not least with regard to the portions which are enormous ; the veal alone could have single - handedly solved third world famine .	enormous portions	PAIR
the food is sinful .	sinful food	PAIR
they have great rolls , the triple color and norwegetan rolls , are awesome and filling .	filling triple color and norwegetan rolls	PAIR
we never ate because by close to 2 in the monring we were not served and were too upset ad tired to start eating .	tired eating	UNPAIR
the only thing more wonderful than the food ( which is exceptional ) is the service .	exceptional food	PAIR
keep up the good work guys !	good work guys	UNPAIR
kind of a small place but i guess if they are not too busy might be able to fit a group or kids .	small place	PAIR
i ' ve had my fair share of modern japanese and this spot delivers .	delivers share	UNPAIR
i highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks !	recommend drinks	UNPAIR
– tucked away over by the beverly center .	beverly center	UNPAIR
you must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert .	out of this world chocolate bread pudding	UNPAIR
the service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing .	good service	PAIR
this is by far my favorite place in the neighborhood .	favorite neighborhood	UNPAIR
the dancing , white river and millenium rolls are musts .	musts dancing , white river and millenium rolls	PAIR
the portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that .	small portions	PAIR
the have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious , if i must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini .	delicious beers	UNPAIR
the atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can .	noisy waiters	UNPAIR
the food is decent at best , and the ambience , well , it ' s a matter of opinion , some may consider it to be a sweet thing , i thought it was just annoying .	annoying food	UNPAIR
the mussles were the fishiest things i ' ve ever tasted , the seabass was bland , the goat cheese salad was missing the goat cheese , the penne w / chicken had bones in it . . . it was disgusting .	fishiest mussles	PAIR
the brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal .	touch party favors	UNPAIR
great food , great wine list , great service in a great neighborhood . . .	great food	PAIR
if there is a line very day of the week for the entire time a place is open , you know it is great .	open day	UNPAIR
it ? s served with either a peppercorn sauce or red wine reduction , though both were indistinguishable in taste .	indistinguishable taste	UNPAIR
add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening .	reasonable price	UNPAIR
i read reviews that called the restaurant too expensive and i thought to myself , but may be it is worth it .	expensive restaurant	PAIR
yamato is an excellent place to go if youre not into sashimi , or if you have friends who doesnt like sushi much .	excellent yamato	PAIR
not a great place for family or general dining .	general dining	UNPAIR
the pancakes were certainly inventive but $ 8 . 50 for 3 - 6 ' ' pancakes ( one of them was more like 5 ' ' ) in the pancake flight ( sample of 3 different pancakes ) is well over - priced .	over - priced sample	UNPAIR
we had half / half pizza , mine was eggplant and my friend had the buffalo and it was sooo huge for a small size pizza !	huge mine	UNPAIR
service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category .	not what one would expect service	PAIR
one would think we ' d get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead , we got a snobby waiter would n ' t even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so .	complimentary lip	UNPAIR
not only can the selection be innovative , but there ' s a nice balance of traditional sushi as well .	nice selection	UNPAIR
i would normally not finish the brocolli when i order these kinds of food but for the first time , every piece was as eventful as the first one . . . the scallops and prawns was so fresh and nicely cooked .	nicely cooked brocolli	UNPAIR
everything i ' ve had here is good , taco salads , burritos , enchiladas i love this place .	love enchiladas	UNPAIR
i have never been disappointed in the red eye .	never been disappointed red eye	PAIR
authentic shanghai style and i can not recommend a better shanghai place in new york .	new place	UNPAIR
rude service , medicore food . . . there are tons of restaurants in ny . . . stay away from this one	rude food	UNPAIR
great meal – the fish on the omikase platter was absolutely decadent - - there was none of the stringiness that sometimes accompanies fair sushi - - this fish was perfect ! ! ! !	decadent fish on the omikase platter	PAIR
the service is excellent , the decor is great , and the food is delicious and comes in large portions .	excellent food	UNPAIR
the service was impeccable and unobtrusive - - the staff knows what they are there to do - - to know their menu , present your meal , and attend to your needs .	unobtrusive staff	UNPAIR
at first glance this place seems a bit pricey for a hot dog joint , but at bark you do n ' t just get your average hot dog .	first hot dog	UNPAIR
not much of a selection of bottled beer either , we went with brahma .	not much brahma	UNPAIR
baluchi ' s has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices .	reasonable baluchi ' s	PAIR
we put out name down and although there were open tables we were told that it ' d be a 30 minute wait .	open minute wait	UNPAIR
space was limited , but the food made up for it .	limited space	PAIR
the chips and salsa are so yummy , and the prices are fabulous .	fabulous salsa	UNPAIR
i had the kafta plate and it was perfect .	perfect kafta plate	PAIR
oh speaking of bathroom , the mens bathroom was disgusting .	disgusting speaking	UNPAIR
i ' ve also been amazed at all the new additions in the past few years : a new jazz bar , the most fantastic dining garden , the best thin crust pizzas , and now a lasagna menu which is to die for ( these are not your average lasagnas ) !	best thin crust pizzas	PAIR
dokebi gives williamsburg the right one - two punch of classic korean food and fusion twists like pork belly tacos .	classic pork belly tacos	UNPAIR
wine list selection is good and wine - by - the - glass was generously filled to the top .	generously filled wine list selection	UNPAIR
we have been to this place many times , and always have great food , wine , and service .	great place	UNPAIR
have eaten at ginger house several times , and it ' s always good .	good ginger house	PAIR
drinks were good .	good drinks	PAIR
fantastic place .	fantastic place	PAIR
the pizza is delicious and the salads are fantastic .	delicious pizza	PAIR
highly impressed from the decor to the food to the hospitality to the great night i had !	impressed decor	PAIR
lucky strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat .	great bite	UNPAIR
the location and ambience is ok but the food is what makes up for it .	ok location	PAIR
stick with the chicken , beef , and lamb dishes .	stick beef	PAIR
– i highly recommend mioposto .	recommend – i	UNPAIR
the food is reliable and the price is moderate .	moderate food	UNPAIR
the service is amazing , i ' ve had different waiters and they were all nice , which is a rare thing in nyc .	amazing service	PAIR
im not necessarily fanatical about this place , but it was a fun time for low pirces .	fun time	UNPAIR
the bagels always warm , soft on the inside , crispy on the outside and enormous in size .	enormous inside	UNPAIR
planet thailand has always been a hit with me , i go there usually for the sushi , which is great , the thai food is excellent too .	hit planet thailand	PAIR
the place is a bistro which means : simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere .	bustling atmosphere	PAIR
i highly recommend caviar russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service .	delicious top grade service	UNPAIR
the naan was some of the best i ' ve had and i really enjoyed the bhartha , not too tomatoey .	enjoyed bhartha	PAIR
try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call ow ley soh , a delicious and sweet tasting bread .	delicious ow ley soh	PAIR
the portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that .	good food	PAIR
the decor is night tho . . . but they really need to clean that vent in the ceiling . . . its quite un - appetizing , and kills your effort to make this place look sleek and modern .	modern decor	UNPAIR
the food is outstanding and the service is quick , friendly and very professional .	outstanding service	UNPAIR
service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great .	horrible ambience	UNPAIR
the best place for a leisure sunday breakfast amidst yachts , then take a stroll through the nearby farmer ' s market .	nearby market	UNPAIR
problem is nothing at prune is particularly memorable .	memorable problem	UNPAIR
the sandwiches are dry , tasteless and way overpriced .	dry sandwiches	PAIR
saul is the best restaurant on smith street and in brooklyn .	best brooklyn	UNPAIR
great food , spectacular location , and friendly service keep us coming back year after year .	spectacular service	UNPAIR
we were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order .	dessert waitress	UNPAIR
the hot dogs are good , yes , but the reason to get over here is the fantastic pork croquette sandwich , perfect on its supermarket squishy bun .	perfect bun	PAIR
my favorite place lol	favorite place	PAIR
we have since returned and also had a great experience , sampling more small plates and a variety of the beer ( cold and good ) .	great beer	UNPAIR
who has room for cheesesticks with the best pizza in nyc !	best room	UNPAIR
the drinks are always well made and wine selection is fairly priced .	well made wine selection	UNPAIR
the workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese ( gets a little messy ) .	messy bagel	PAIR
the chicken lollipop is my favorite , most of the dishes ( i have to agree with a previous reviewer ) are quite oily and very spicy , espeically the chilli chicken .	spicy chicken lollipop	UNPAIR
spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey .	pricey spreads	PAIR
the seafood is amazing , there ' s a good wine list , and the ever - changing menu always offers some great surprises .	great surprises seafood	UNPAIR
service was just ok , it is not what you ' d expect for $ 500 .	ok service	PAIR
the pasta was well cooked , did n ' t have enough sauce though or flavor .	well cooked flavor	UNPAIR
the duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world .	amazing duck confit	PAIR
cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $ 10 .	varied delight cheese plate	PAIR
its great if you spent the day there and did n ' t want to drive to eat .	great day	UNPAIR
i ' ve never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious .	delicious fish	PAIR
not a very fancy place but very good chinese style indian food .	fancy chinese style indian food	UNPAIR
the place is a lot of fun .	fun lot	UNPAIR
the entree was bland and small , dessert was not inspired .	small entree	PAIR
the presentation of the food was an added bonus , it looked just as great as it tasted !	great food	PAIR
wish ny had more of these kind of places : intimate , superb food , homey , top notch all the way around , certainly worth the wait .	homey food	UNPAIR
they have great rolls , the triple color and norwegetan rolls , are awesome and filling .	awesome rolls	UNPAIR
great food , great prices , great service .	great prices	UNPAIR
the pizza ' s are not huge and the crust is thin … keep that in mind when you ’ re ordering .	thin pizza ' s	UNPAIR
i am not a vegetarian but , almost all the dishes were great .	vegetarian dishes	UNPAIR
the food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu - fare , the dishes are never a disappointment .	delicious regular menu - fare	UNPAIR
also , they serve the best hummus in america , with a drizzle of fragrant olive oil ( which , i believe is the traditional way ) !	best oil	UNPAIR
the seafood dynamite is also otherworldly .	otherworldly seafood dynamite	PAIR
it ’ s just you and your date and an occasional cute ‘ excuse me ’ before the waiter opens the little curtain to your booth !	little booth	UNPAIR
amazing spanish mackeral special appetizer and perfect box sushi ( that eel with avodcao - - um um um ) .	amazing spanish mackeral special appetizer	PAIR
the food was very good , filet mignon was probably the best i ' ve ever try .	best food	UNPAIR
the only fallback on this restaurant is the prices .	only restaurant	UNPAIR
we were not dissappointed in the least bit by this little gem .	little bit	UNPAIR
to be honest , i ' ve had better frozen pizza .	honest pizza	UNPAIR
the food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes .	tasty dishes	PAIR
i come here enjoy very much with husband .	enjoy husband	UNPAIR
excellent food , nice ambience , fairly expensive	expensive ambience	UNPAIR
its just a fun place to go , not a five star restaraunt .	fun place	UNPAIR
if it seemed possible to do so while there i would have fought my bill since my dinner portion of my meal was inedible !	possible bill	UNPAIR
we ordered the special , grilled branzino , that was so infused with bone , it was difficult to eat .	special grilled branzino	UNPAIR
the only thing the waiters do n ' t do for you is wipe your chin when you leave .	only chin	UNPAIR
try sushimi cucumber roll .	try sushimi cucumber roll	PAIR
also , there was only one bathroom stall - probably need more for such big crowds .	more crowds	UNPAIR
amma is nothing special .	nothing special amma	PAIR
the food was excellent as well as service , however , i left the four seasons very dissappointed .	dissappointed food	UNPAIR
food was good and appetizing .	appetizing food	PAIR
planet thailand has always been a hit with me , i go there usually for the sushi , which is great , the thai food is excellent too .	great planet thailand	UNPAIR
the ambience was nice , but service was n ' t so great .	nice service	UNPAIR
this is right up there with places in tokyo as far as the freshness is concerned .	right places	UNPAIR
good music , great food , speedy service affordable prices .	affordable service	UNPAIR
average to good thai food , but terrible delivery .	terrible delivery	PAIR
as part of a small party of four , our food was dropped off without comment ;	small part	UNPAIR
with the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering , the food here was decent , not great .	not great lemon salad	UNPAIR
the brocollis were so fresh and tasty .	fresh brocollis	PAIR
if you venture off the island of manhattan and ca n ' t seem to find a great italian restaurant , drive to corona .	italian venture	UNPAIR
the exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations .	delicious exotic food	UNPAIR
to be completely fair , the only redeeming factor was the food , which was above average , but could n ' t make up for all the other deficiencies of teodora .	above average food	PAIR
the owner and staff are all japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance .	adds ambiance	PAIR
this staff should be fired .	fired staff	PAIR
if you are looking for a good quality , cheap eats - this is the place .	cheap place	UNPAIR
bring your cell phone cause you may have to wait to get into the best sushi restaurant in the world : blue ribbon sushi .	best world	UNPAIR
not sure where the previous reviewer , lonk , dined , but saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food !	great saul	UNPAIR
warm and friendly in the winter and terrific outdoor seating in the warmer months .	warm outdoor seating	UNPAIR
service ok but unfriendly , filthy bathroom .	ok service	PAIR
my chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily .	oily chow fun and chow see	PAIR
the catering is out of this world , and raouls chicken vegetable soup rocks my world ! ! !	rocks catering	UNPAIR
i got the $ 10 10 - piece dim sum combo , every bite of which was great .	great bite	UNPAIR
food was very good as well , considering that we tried the budget selection ( though i wish the pork belly that i ordered was roasted a bit longer , so that fat was more of a melt - in - your - mouth experience ) .	good food	PAIR
cirspy crust margherita pizza	crust margherita pizza	PAIR
good for dates or with friends .	good dates	UNPAIR
at best , the food was good and definately overpriced .	good food	PAIR
every time in new york i make it a point to visit restaurant saul on smith street .	new restaurant saul	UNPAIR
the food was average to above - average ; the french onion soup filling yet not overly impressive , and the desserts not brilliant in any way .	not overly impressive french onion soup	PAIR
the food is authentic italian - delicious !	italian food	UNPAIR
yes , they use fancy ingredients , but even fancy ingredients do n ' t make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right .	good ingredients	UNPAIR
the crust was imazingly cooked well and pizza was fully loaded : ) : ) : )	fully loaded crust	UNPAIR
– i have been eating at this place for over 8 years now and i have never had one bad meal .	bad place	UNPAIR
not one of our meals was edible - bland and / or made with weird rosemary or orange flavoring .	edible rosemary or orange flavoring	UNPAIR
on my meal i had to send back my eggs for a simple request of breaking the yokes before cooking , and would have had to send them back again if i had n ' t rejected the meal all together .	simple meal	UNPAIR
the best dish are the honwy walnut prawns - just outstanding .	outstanding dish	UNPAIR
plus , i am allergic to rice , and the waitstaff was unbelievably accomodating - - did n ' t even bat an eye !	accomodating waitstaff	PAIR
the menu looked great , and the waiter was very nice , but when the food came , it was average .	average food	PAIR
decent wine at reasonable prices .	decent prices	UNPAIR
i found a new home on second avenue ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !	new avenue	UNPAIR
i take all my nyc guests to vt ' s .	nyc vt ' s	UNPAIR
the crust has a great bite and a good chew , the sauce is light with a nice acidity to it , the salt from the cheese is great , really heightens the flavor of all the other components .	good crust	PAIR
i read reviews that called the restaurant too expensive and i thought to myself , but may be it is worth it .	expensive thought	UNPAIR
the hostess was rude and i got a distinct feeling that they did not want to serve us .	rude feeling	UNPAIR
myagi is one of my favorite restaurants in the city ; the place the negative reviews describe sound like they were somewhere else .	favorite myagi	PAIR
the food is fantastic , and the waiting staff has been perfect every single time we ' ve been there .	perfect waiting staff	PAIR
also it ' s great to have dinner in a very romantic and comfortable place , the service it ' s just perfect . . . they ' re so frendly that we never want to live the place !	' re service	UNPAIR
this restaurant was way overhyped .	overhyped way	UNPAIR
great food and the prices are very reasonable .	great food	PAIR
the entree was also very good .	good entree	PAIR
but the service was a bit slow .	slow service	PAIR
what else can you say nice people amazing food wow	amazing people	UNPAIR
so about the prawns , they were fresh and had a slight crispiness about the batter . . . soooo good . . . the walnuts were cut in smaller pieces and very crunchy and tasty .	tasty walnuts	PAIR
despite the confusing mirrors this will likely be my go - to for modern japanese food for the foreseeable future .	go - to for mirrors	UNPAIR
red dragon roll - my favorite thing to eat , of any food group - hands down	favorite red dragon roll	PAIR
if you ’ re planning to come here , make sure that your date is someone whom you really like since you ’ ll be ushered to private booths where there will be no people or food watching ( choose the ones on the ground level that have glass ceilings so you may see the stars in the sky ! ) .	ushered private booths	PAIR
not sure where the previous reviewer , lonk , dined , but saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food !	great food	PAIR
again , i ' d be super upset if that were my employee .	upset employee	UNPAIR
great seasonal fish and seafood , with a classy waterfront setting .	great waterfront setting	UNPAIR
the lunch buffet is expensive but is deff worth it .	worth lunch buffet	PAIR
mussles and calamari were superb saturday evening .	superb mussles	PAIR
the place was quiet and delightful .	quiet place	PAIR
the only drawback is that this place is really expensive and the portions are on the small side .	expensive portions	UNPAIR
after the 4th time i asked again and the waiter than said after our dinner .	4th dinner	UNPAIR
unbeatable sushi !	unbeatable sushi	PAIR
my wife had barely touched that mess of a dish .	mess dish	PAIR
the catering is out of this world , and raouls chicken vegetable soup rocks my world ! ! !	out of this world raouls chicken vegetable soup	UNPAIR
great spot , whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner .	great couple	UNPAIR
i ca n ' t wait for summer , when they serve outside on their gigantic patio .	gigantic patio	PAIR
although the tables may be closely situated , the candle - light , food - quality and service overcompensate .	closely situated food	UNPAIR
service , however , was excellent . . . and i liked the setting / atmosphere a lot .	liked service	UNPAIR
my wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it .	loved fried shrimp	PAIR
indoor was very cozy and cute .	cozy indoor	PAIR
the sashimi is always fresh and the rolls are innovative and delicious .	fresh sashimi	PAIR
looking around , i saw a room full of new yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant , not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen .	real restaurant	PAIR
pizza here is consistently good .	good pizza	PAIR
the appetizers we ordered were served quickly - an order of fried oysters and clams were delicious but a tiny portion ( maybe 3 of each ) .	quickly fried oysters and clams	UNPAIR
great atmoshere and worth every bit .	worth atmoshere	UNPAIR
i ' m glad i was introduced to this place and this is a rare gem in ny .	glad place	PAIR
best reuben sandwich ever !	best reuben sandwich	PAIR
most of the servers are very attentive , friendly and quite attractive .	attentive servers	PAIR
cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $ 10 .	great bargain cheese plate	PAIR
we had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful .	delicious sauce	UNPAIR
not only can the selection be innovative , but there ' s a nice balance of traditional sushi as well .	innovative selection	PAIR
both times i was extremely dissappointed by the service , which was boarderline rude .	rude times	UNPAIR
other guests enjoyed pizza , santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips .	enjoyed fish and chips	PAIR
service was slow , but the people were friendly .	friendly people	PAIR
the place was nice and calm .	nice place	PAIR
at $ 120 for two people , however , this in no way represents value , unless you ' re looking to pay by the hour for passive - aggressive torture .	passive - aggressive people	UNPAIR
i expected quite a bit more from such an expensive menu .	expensive menu	PAIR
service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded .	slow food	UNPAIR
once you step into cosette , you ' re miraculously in a small , off - the - beaten path parisian bistro .	small cosette	UNPAIR
they are n ' t the most talkative , but everytime i ' ve been there they have been very busy , which probably accounts for the lack of conversation .	talkative accounts	UNPAIR
all of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better !	better pizzas	UNPAIR
very cozy and warm inside . . . . .	cozy inside	UNPAIR
the boths are not as small as some of the reviews make them out to look they ' re perfect for 2 people .	perfect boths	PAIR
they have great rolls , the triple color and norwegetan rolls , are awesome and filling .	great triple color and norwegetan rolls	UNPAIR
this was , from start to finish , a mind - bogglingly uncomfortable experience .	uncomfortable mind	UNPAIR
this was , from start to finish , a mind - bogglingly uncomfortable experience .	uncomfortable start	UNPAIR
if celebrities make you sweat , then your in for a ride , but if your like most around these parts then you ' ll just yawn and wonder whats with all the hype .	most ride	UNPAIR
management should really take notice and train their waitstaff and teach them some proper manners .	proper manners	UNPAIR
do n ' t miss bloom ' s on your next trip to manhatten .	n ' t miss trip	UNPAIR
we could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu .	yummy dumplings	PAIR
the sangria was pretty tasty and good on a hot muggy day .	tasty sangria	PAIR
other guests enjoyed pizza , santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips .	enjoyed pizza	PAIR
good music , great food , speedy service affordable prices .	good music	PAIR
quacamole at pacifico is yummy , as are the wings with chimmichuri .	yummy pacifico	UNPAIR
food was just average . . . if they lowered the prices just a bit , it would be a bigger draw .	bigger food	UNPAIR
i ' d highly recommend it for a special occasion - - it provides and intimate setting and nice service .	nice service	PAIR
i have a but here - there was a bathroom attendant in the restroom which was odd .	odd bathroom attendant	UNPAIR
a beautifully designed dreamy egyptian restaurant that gets sceney at night .	dreamy egyptian restaurant	PAIR
i had a great experience .	great experience	UNPAIR
on my meal i had to send back my eggs for a simple request of breaking the yokes before cooking , and would have had to send them back again if i had n ' t rejected the meal all together .	simple yokes	UNPAIR
the pastas are incredible , the risottos ( particularly the sepia ) are fantastic and the braised rabbit is amazing .	fantastic braised rabbit	UNPAIR
this is where it really really gets bad : the manager said , there is absolutely nothing we can do , it ' s a matter of taste that she did n ' t like it , and i can not comp it .	bad manager	PAIR
best indian chinese in the city , by far !	best city	UNPAIR
the place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic .	small place	PAIR
the food was very good , filet mignon was probably the best i ' ve ever try .	good filet mignon	UNPAIR
melt in your mouth nigiri and sashmi , and very tasty rolls too .	tasty nigiri	UNPAIR
excellent dumplings served amid clean , chic decor .	excellent dumplings	PAIR
caesar salad was superb .	superb caesar salad	PAIR
it is expensive but well worth the money .	expensive money	UNPAIR
this is the best sushi in new york city - hands down .	best sushi	PAIR
if we were to move from the upper east side , we would genuinely miss this restaurant .	east restaurant	UNPAIR
the food was great and tasty , but the sitting space was too small , i do n ' t like being cramp in a corner .	too small sitting space	PAIR
the lox is always fresh too .	fresh lox	PAIR
they refuse to seat parties of 3 or more on weekends .	more parties	UNPAIR
the open sesame combo plate is a bargain for the heap of food given .	bargain heap	UNPAIR
have frequented ' ino for several years and the food remains excellent .	several years	UNPAIR
went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them .	table reservation sigh	UNPAIR
the food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you do n ' t like .	pricey prixe fixe tasting menu	UNPAIR
had an awful experience at casa la femme on a saturday dinner .	awful casa la femme	PAIR
first of all , this place is * not * romantic , as claimed by citysearch ' s editorial review .	* not * romantic place	PAIR
oh speaking of bathroom , the mens bathroom was disgusting .	disgusting mens bathroom	PAIR
the location and ambience is ok but the food is what makes up for it .	ok food	UNPAIR
it ' s definately not a place to go if you want to impress someone .	impress place	PAIR
this is a great place to get a delicious meal .	delicious meal	PAIR
the atmosphere is aspiring , and the decor is festive and amazing . .	festive decor	PAIR
great pizza , poor service	poor service	PAIR
fabulous food - if the front of house staff do n ' t put you off –	fabulous food	PAIR
– the food was not great & the waiters were rude .	not great food	PAIR
for the people who want great food plus great service , roxy is a place to avoid !	great food	PAIR
i would normally not finish the brocolli when i order these kinds of food but for the first time , every piece was as eventful as the first one . . . the scallops and prawns was so fresh and nicely cooked .	fresh scallops	PAIR
good music , great food , speedy service affordable prices .	speedy service	PAIR
judging from previous posts this used to be a good place , but not any longer .	not any longer place	PAIR
the lava cake dessert was incredible and i recommend it .	incredible lava cake dessert	PAIR
the location is perfect .	perfect location	PAIR
our family never expected such incredible entertainment in a restaurant .	incredible family	UNPAIR
the sandwiches are dry , tasteless and way overpriced .	overpriced sandwiches	PAIR
the dosas are skimpy , unattractive and drip with grease , and personally i ' d drink popcorn topping before i ' d eat another one of these .	skimpy dosas	PAIR
those rolls were big , but not good and sashimi was n ' t fresh .	was n ' t fresh sashimi	PAIR
the crust is thin , the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly .	fresh ingredients	PAIR
the portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that .	small food	UNPAIR
as a retired hipster , i can say with some degree of certainty that for the last year lucky strike has been the best laid - back late night in the city .	late night	UNPAIR
chennai garden is my favorite indian restaurant in the city .	favorite city	UNPAIR
this place is the most japanese it can ever get .	japanese place	PAIR
the vibe is very relaxed and cozy , service was great and the food was excellent !	excellent food	PAIR
servers are all different , greg is my favorite .	favorite servers	UNPAIR
the view is breathtaking the service is top notch . . . the ambiance is wonderful .	wonderful view	UNPAIR
the pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in nyc .	nicest pizza	UNPAIR
they have it all - - great price , food , and service .	great price	UNPAIR
the food was good , the place was clean and affordable .	good place	UNPAIR
the scallops are apparently cooked in a black olive butter which really makes them unique ( not to mention tasty ) .	tasty olive butter	UNPAIR
one of us actually liked the expresso - that ' s it .	liked expresso	PAIR
the staff was accomodating , the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely .	lovely place	PAIR
rice is too dry , tuna was n ' t so fresh either .	n ' t so fresh tuna	PAIR
the lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with scallops and shrimp is great .	good spaghetti with scallops and shrimp	UNPAIR
the outdoor atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was wonderful .	wonderful outdoor atmosphere	PAIR
the service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals .	fast hot sauce	UNPAIR
for the people who want great food plus great service , roxy is a place to avoid !	great people	UNPAIR
i would never recommend this place to anybody even for a casual dinner .	never recommend place	PAIR
after sitting at the bar for over 20 minutes the bar keep had made only 2 drinks & kept telling us she ' d be right with us .	right bar keep	UNPAIR
– eggs , pancakes , potatoes , fresh fruit and yogurt - - everything they serve is delicious .	delicious everything	UNPAIR
not only is the cuisine the best around , the service has always been attentive and charming .	best service	UNPAIR
they are not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date rolls around you will not only regret chosing this place , but also become hostile !	not helpful event date rolls	UNPAIR
the food arrived 20 minutes after i called , cold and soggy .	soggy food	PAIR
the food however , is what one might expect .	expect one	UNPAIR
i took one bite from the $ 24 salmon , and i have never , in the 17 years i have been going to restaurants tasted salmon as fishy , as dry , and as bland as the one in flatbush farms .	dry years	UNPAIR
this was the perfect quiet , relaxing , and delicious accompaniment to our afternoon of theater .	relaxing accompaniment	UNPAIR
– schooner or later ' s charming location along the marina in long beach and average food does not , unfortunately , compensate for its very poor customer service .	average location along the marina in long beach	UNPAIR
calling the place hampton chutney co . does warn you that these folks offer more style than substance , but in this unattractive room with unhelpful clerks there was a dearth of the former too .	unattractive place	UNPAIR
downstairs lounge is always a good attraction	good attraction downstairs lounge	PAIR
the waiter delivered our food while holding what appeared to be a plastic bag of garbage in one hand .	plastic garbage	UNPAIR
and where does patis go wrong ; no where .	wrong patis	UNPAIR
the food arrived 20 minutes after i called , cold and soggy .	cold minutes	UNPAIR
if you want something really different than try jekyll and hyde .	different jekyll and hyde	PAIR
enjoyed a very nice caesar salad while my wife had arugula and goat cheese . . . . both very tasty .	enjoyed caesar salad	PAIR
at best , the food was good and definately overpriced .	best food	UNPAIR
this is the place to relax and enjoy the finest quality food the industry can offer .	finest quality food	PAIR
all in all , this midtown gem instantly became one of my favorite sushi restaurants in the city .	gem sushi restaurants	UNPAIR
plenty of food , trust me .	plenty of trust	UNPAIR
we had the lobster sandwich and it was fantastic .	fantastic lobster sandwich	PAIR
service is not exactly five star , but thats not really a big deal .	not exactly five star deal	UNPAIR
highly impressed from the decor to the food to the hospitality to the great night i had !	great decor	UNPAIR
best food , phenominal service	phenominal food	UNPAIR
a perfect place to take out of town guests any time of the year .	perfect town guests	UNPAIR
great place to relax and enjoy your dinner	great dinner	UNPAIR
– thats a big statement considering i ' ve been pulling crab traps and making the cakes myself since i was about seven - but something about these little devils gets better every time .	big something	UNPAIR
there is a lot of variety even for people who eat vegetarian like me .	vegetarian people	UNPAIR
it was divine melts in your mouth .	divine melts	UNPAIR
judging from previous posts this used to be a good place , but not any longer .	good place	UNPAIR
the decor is very simple but comfortable .	comfortable decor	PAIR
i had a taste of all three items on her plate , and they were superb .	superb plate	PAIR
food was fine , with a some little - tastier - than - normal salsa .	fine food	PAIR
the concept of japanese tapas is newly created and clearly does n ' t work .	does n ' t work concept	UNPAIR
have eaten at ginger house several times , and it ' s always good .	good times	UNPAIR
it ' s a great place to enjoy food and meet friends .	enjoy place	UNPAIR
the service was attentive , yet discreet .	attentive service	PAIR
the regular menu here is slightly above average that is not worth the snotty attitude that you receive .	not worth regular menu	PAIR
yes , the place is classy and beautiful , but they most certainly target the uber whealthy not the common joe that wants to go all out every once in a while .	common place	UNPAIR
the wine list is wonderful and the food reminds me of my recent trip to italy .	wonderful wine list	PAIR
there have been several occasions when we ' ve just not gotten some side dishes we ' ve ordered .	several side	UNPAIR
i ' m partial to the gnocchi .	partial gnocchi	PAIR
the cream cheeses are out of this world and i love that coffee ! !	love coffee	PAIR
– the pepperoni ' s cut real thick - - yum .	yum pepperoni ' s	PAIR
in short , schooner or later could n ' t have cared less about our being at their establishment .	short establishment	UNPAIR
this is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent .	excellent food	PAIR
good sake , good food – i honestly do n ' t know much about japanese food at all .	japanese food	UNPAIR
each time we ' ve been , the front of house staff ( not the waiters - they ' re fantastic - but the people who greet and seat you ) has been so hideous to us that were it not for the exceptional fish dishes i would never return .	hideous waiters	UNPAIR
luckily we saved room for the bbq salmon , sea bass and crispy duck .	luckily room	UNPAIR
the staff is no nonsense .	no nonsense staff	PAIR
the food is yummy , especially their cooked - to - perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries .	cooked - to - perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce	PAIR
– i was highly disappointed in the food at pagoda .	disappointed food	PAIR
it ? s served with either a peppercorn sauce or red wine reduction , though both were indistinguishable in taste .	indistinguishable red wine reduction	PAIR
in fact , many want to return a second time during their visit .	many fact	UNPAIR
add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening .	reasonable evening	UNPAIR
i had the best ravioli ever .	best ravioli	PAIR
– pretty cheap for sit down mexican and downtown .	cheap sit	UNPAIR
his response was smug , arrogant , and condescending , totally consistent with his deportment on display all evening .	arrogant deportment	UNPAIR
the onion rings are great !	great onion rings	PAIR
the service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual .	casual atmosphere	PAIR
i took one bite from the $ 24 salmon , and i have never , in the 17 years i have been going to restaurants tasted salmon as fishy , as dry , and as bland as the one in flatbush farms .	dry salmon	PAIR
cute place , nice wait staff but would never go there again .	nice wait staff	PAIR
you can get a completely delish martini in a glass ( that ' s about 2 1 / 2 drinks ) for $ 8 . 50 ( i recommend the vanilla shanty , mmmm ! ) in a great homey setting with great music .	recommend setting	UNPAIR
everyone was cheerfully cooperative and helpful .	cheerfully cooperative everyone	UNPAIR
when i got there i sat up stairs where the atmosphere was cozy & the service was horrible !	horrible atmosphere	UNPAIR
the staff is incredibly helpful and attentive .	helpful staff	PAIR
the service was extremely fast and attentive ( thanks to the service button on your table ) but i barely understood 1 word when the waiter took our order .	thanks to waiter	UNPAIR
great food , better margaritas !	better margaritas	PAIR
the food was average to above - average ; the french onion soup filling yet not overly impressive , and the desserts not brilliant in any way .	not brilliant french onion soup	UNPAIR
there was a really nice vibe about the place . . . good music , atmosphere and happy looking people .	nice vibe	PAIR
atmosphere is nice and relaxed too . . .	relaxed atmosphere	PAIR
the tables are crammed way too close , the menu is typical of any italian restaurant , and the wine list is simply overpriced .	typical tables	UNPAIR
– we were treated very rudely here one time for breakfast .	rudely time	UNPAIR
i ' ve been to this restaurant over a dozen times with no complaints to date .	no complaints dozen times	UNPAIR
the food is yummy , especially their cooked - to - perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries .	yummy food	PAIR
the space is limited so be prepared to wait up to 45 minutes - 1 hour , but be richly rewarded when you savor the delicious indo - chinese food .	limited space	PAIR
over all it was a very nice romantic place .	romantic place	PAIR
i highly recommend to anyone to give this place a try .	recommend place	PAIR
mediocre food	mediocre food	PAIR
the best thing is , the prices are also quite reasonable .	reasonable prices	UNPAIR
- mediocre service / quality	mediocre quality	UNPAIR
when you ' re sitting in their main dining room ( which has a spectacular , hand - painted high ceiling ) you ' d never know there was a world outside .	hand - painted high ceiling	PAIR
very immature bartender , didnt know how to make specific drinks , service was so slowwwww , the food was not fresh or warm , waitresses were busy flirting with men at the bar and werent very attentive to all the customers .	immature food	UNPAIR
i have not a bad thing to say about this place .	not a bad thing	UNPAIR
noodle pudding is exactly the type of service and food i enjoy .	enjoy food	PAIR
this was my frist time at cafe st . bart ' s and i must say how delicious the food and the service was .	delicious service	PAIR
not sure where the previous reviewer , lonk , dined , but saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food !	great neighborhood	PAIR
i heard the lobster roll was excellent .	excellent lobster roll	PAIR
nice value .	nice value	UNPAIR
we waited at the bar and had martinis that were just right .	right bar	UNPAIR
the entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner .	great entertainment	PAIR
everyone raved about the atmosphere ( elegant rooms and absolutely incomparable views ) and the fabulous food !	raved atmosphere	PAIR
the place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic .	cramped food	UNPAIR
it ' s just the right size for the menu .	right menu	UNPAIR
– i ca n ' t believe murphy ' s has been around for over 25 years , amazing .	amazing – i	UNPAIR
very immature bartender , didnt know how to make specific drinks , service was so slowwwww , the food was not fresh or warm , waitresses were busy flirting with men at the bar and werent very attentive to all the customers .	werent very attentive food	UNPAIR
had an awful experience at casa la femme on a saturday dinner .	awful experience	UNPAIR
the dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over - - how refreshing !	elegant music	UNPAIR
moules were excellent , lobster ravioli was very salty !	excellent moules	PAIR
the lamb was tender so full of flavor , the dessert was divine ! !	tender dessert	UNPAIR
the dinner was ok , nothing i would have again .	ok nothing i	UNPAIR
the service is ok , some of the people did n ' t get what they asked for .	ok people	UNPAIR
love it every time	love time	UNPAIR
delicious bagels , especially when right out of the oven .	right oven	UNPAIR
excellent dumplings served amid clean , chic decor .	chic dumplings	UNPAIR
the waitress came to check in on us every few minutes , and began to clear the plates while half of us were still eating ( a big pet peeve of mine that happens almost everywhere , so i try to ignore it ) .	big minutes	UNPAIR
they have great rolls , the triple color and norwegetan rolls , are awesome and filling .	awesome triple color and norwegetan rolls	PAIR
even if the food was n ' t this good , the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax .	n ' t this good food	PAIR
i like the somosas , chai , and the chole , but the dhosas and dhal were kinda disappointing .	like chai	PAIR
on our last visit , they skipped over our name on the list , leaving us waiting an extra hour for a table .	last list	UNPAIR
a quintessential slice of nyc pizza .	quintessential slice of nyc pizza	PAIR
the atmosphere was great .	great atmosphere	PAIR
we paid a fixed pricce but got nothing ! !	fixed nothing	UNPAIR
if you want something really different than try jekyll and hyde .	different something	UNPAIR
– mioposto has a very creative & delicious pizza menu .	creative – mioposto	UNPAIR
problem is nothing at prune is particularly memorable .	memorable prune	PAIR
we were 4 and got the family size penne a la vodka which was tremendously gigantic portion . . . a bucket of food literally .	gigantic penne a la vodka	PAIR
however , this place is a gem , and i wo n ' t stop going back .	gem place	PAIR
for a restaurant with such a good reputation and that is usually so packed , there was no reason for such a lack of intelligent customer service .	good reputation restaurant	PAIR
i got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries .	excellent cheesecake	PAIR
the floor was wet , the trash can filled with hand towels n all over the floor , no soap , and no hand towels left .	wet floor	UNPAIR
the specialty here is decadent pancakes , but i ' ve been back now four times , and i ' ve been wowed every time .	decadent specialty	UNPAIR
they have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great .	great salads	PAIR
the floor was wet , the trash can filled with hand towels n all over the floor , no soap , and no hand towels left .	wet floor	UNPAIR
luckily we saved room for the bbq salmon , sea bass and crispy duck .	luckily room	UNPAIR
the food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate .	tasty food	PAIR
the service was courteous and attentive .	courteous service	PAIR
add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening .	great food	PAIR
i did n ' t complain , i liked the atmosphere so much .	liked t complain	UNPAIR
good music , great food , speedy service affordable prices .	affordable food	UNPAIR
highly impressed from the decor to the food to the hospitality to the great night i had !	great food	UNPAIR
open & cool place with the best pizza and coffee	cool place	PAIR
these are overpriced and you can get better just around the corner :	overpriced corner	UNPAIR
even though its good seafood , the prices are too high .	good seafood	PAIR
first off , the food came fast and all together : ) i like that . . . i hate the pretentiousness of things coming in one after the other .	other food	UNPAIR
the staff was very nice and courteous and obviously chinese .	chinese staff	UNPAIR
mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else .	creative mizu	UNPAIR
the only problem is you really have to warm up the pizza before it ' s edible , even when you order ahead .	problem order	UNPAIR
the fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale .	not fresh fish	PAIR
it was served with skin , over a bed of extremely undercooked spinach and mashed potatoes .	undercooked potatoes	UNPAIR
during the course of the past 3 months , the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better .	not for the better chef	PAIR
they charge different prices all the time .	different prices	UNPAIR
i went to areo on a sunday afternoon with four of my girlfriends , and spent three enjoyable hours there .	enjoyable areo	PAIR
the food is not what it once was ( potions have seriously seen downsizing ) prices have gone up , and the service is the worst i have experienced anywhere ( including mainland europe ) .	the the	PAIR
i really recommend the very simple unda ( egg ) rolls .	recommend unda ( egg ) rolls	PAIR
i could n ' t ignore the fact that she reach over the plate of one of my friends , who was in mid bite , to clear the table .	mid fact	UNPAIR
the pasta penne was pretty extra buttery , creamy which means a big task to diggest . . tasty at first but i would say that i was full with a slice of pizza and 7 to count , penne . . . got a little moody afterwards cause was stuffed . . . lol	buttery pasta penne	PAIR
you can get a completely delish martini in a glass ( that ' s about 2 1 / 2 drinks ) for $ 8 . 50 ( i recommend the vanilla shanty , mmmm ! ) in a great homey setting with great music .	great music	PAIR
i ' d be horrified if my staff were turning away customers so early and so rudely !	early customers	UNPAIR
the food here does a great service to the name ( cantonese that is . . . ) .	great food	PAIR
the waiter was a bit unfriendly and the feel of the restaurant was crowded .	crowded feel	PAIR
not only can the selection be innovative , but there ' s a nice balance of traditional sushi as well .	innovative sushi	UNPAIR
she was very helpful in suggesting us drinks and helped us in ordering a lot of good dishes since we knew nothing about indian food .	helpful dishes	UNPAIR
bukhara grill , the tagline says it all . . ` ` indian spice rave ' '	indian tagline	UNPAIR
all in all , the food was great ( except for the dessserts ) .	except food	UNPAIR
it has great sushi and even better service .	better sushi	UNPAIR
the wine list is incredible and extensive and diverse , the food is all incredible and the staff was all very nice , good at their jobs and cultured .	nice wine list	UNPAIR
for instance , plates were just dumped on the table , i was handed the wine list upside down , etc . . . .	wine table	UNPAIR
despite a slightly limited menu , everything prepared is done to perfection , ultra fresh and a work of food art .	done to perfection menu	UNPAIR
the wine list was extensive - though the staff did not seem knowledgeable about wine pairings .	not seem knowledgeable staff	PAIR
as bfc does n ' t take reservations you almost always have to wait by the bar - and be abused by the front of house staff until you are seated , which can be over an hour later !	abused bfc	UNPAIR
i also really enjoy the simplicity of the decor and intimate feeling of a small restaurant .	simplicity decor	PAIR
love the atmosphere - felt like i was in paris .	love felt	UNPAIR
the service was excellent , the coffee was good even by starbucks standards and the food was outstanding .	excellent service	PAIR
wine list selection is good and wine - by - the - glass was generously filled to the top .	generously filled wine - by - the - glass	PAIR
my fav was the sassy lassi . . .	fav sassy lassi	PAIR
best restaurant in brooklyn	best restaurant	PAIR
this place has totally weird decor , stairs going up with mirrored walls - i am surprised how no one yet broke their head or fall off the stairs - mirrored walls make you dizzy and delusional . . .	dizzy decor	UNPAIR
the farro salad and the mashed yukon potatoes were also extremely tasty .	tasty mashed yukon potatoes	PAIR
here the hot dog is elevated to the level of a real entree with numerous variations available .	elevated hot dog	PAIR
the people that work there are always so friendly you forget you are in new york sometimes .	friendly people	PAIR
amazing fresh dogs but best of all endless toppings ! ! !	endless dogs	UNPAIR
my husband and i have been sold on this from the first visit .	first husband	UNPAIR
she replied ` ` well it would be more convenient for us if you ordered now , since you are a larger party , and it might get crowded . ' '	larger party	UNPAIR
the vibe is very relaxed and cozy , service was great and the food was excellent !	excellent service	UNPAIR
the service was impeccable and unobtrusive - - the staff knows what they are there to do - - to know their menu , present your meal , and attend to your needs .	impeccable service	PAIR
the food is flavorful , plentiful and reasonably priced .	reasonably food	PAIR
the view is spectacular , and the food is great .	great view	UNPAIR
planet thai is great !	great planet thai	PAIR
this tiny williamsburg spot is always pleasantly surprising .	tiny williamsburg spot	UNPAIR
your a sushi fan , you love expertly cut fish , great sake , a killer soho location , and of course : salmon , tuna , fluke , yellow tail , cod , mackeral , jellyfish , sea urchin , shrimp , lobster , sea bream , trout , milk fish , blue fin tuna , eel , crab , sardine , monk fish , roe , scallop , oysters , and a varity of toro .	great jellyfish	UNPAIR
fabulous decor - makes you feel like you ' re in a trendy manhattan restaurant , very very good food , cheaply - priced , generally friendly staff , and if you ' re a manhattanite , or spend most of your time in manhattan , rice avenue will make you feel at home . . . . . very soho / village / upper west side minus the expensive prices and pretentious clientele . . . . . all on roosevelt avenue !	fabulous food	UNPAIR
but the space is small and lovely , and the service is helpful .	lovely service	UNPAIR
this establishment really made a marked decline after ( and this is recurring story ) the airing of food televisions ` ` diners , drive - ins , and dives ' ' hosted by guy fieri , in which schooner or later was subject of .	marked airing	UNPAIR
the signs , the specials menus , food , and even all the waitstaff are all totally japanese .	japanese food	PAIR
skip this restaurant , it ' s a big disappointment .	big restaurant	UNPAIR
the atmosphere is great .	great atmosphere	PAIR
this is a wonderful place on all stand points especially value ofr money .	wonderful value	UNPAIR
i ' ve never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious .	fresh fish	PAIR
gorgeous place ideal for a romantic dinner	gorgeous place	PAIR
helpful service and average price per dish $ 10 .	average dish	PAIR
everything is always cooked to perfection , the service is excellent , the decor cool and understated .	understated service	UNPAIR
while the ambiance and atmosphere were great , the food and service could have been a lot better .	great atmosphere	PAIR
consequently , their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did ' nt feel like finishing them .	fell apart burgers	PAIR
highly impressed from the decor to the food to the hospitality to the great night i had !	impressed food	PAIR
( besides that there should be more restaurants like it around the city ) .	more restaurants	UNPAIR
we waited at the bar and had martinis that were just right .	right martinis	PAIR
you must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert .	out of this world crabmeat lasagna	PAIR
worst service i ever had	worst service	PAIR
the waitstaffs are nice though .	nice waitstaffs	PAIR
$ 6 and there is much tasty food , all of it fresh and continually refilled .	refilled food	PAIR
tiny dessert was $ 8 . 00 . . . just plain overpriced for what it is .	tiny plain	UNPAIR
this little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money .	exceeded my expectations place	PAIR
the chicken curry and chicken tikka masala are my favorite meat dishes .	favorite meat dishes	UNPAIR
the food is great and they make a mean bloody mary .	mean food	UNPAIR
took my mom for mother ' s day , and the maitre d ' was pretty rude .	rude day	UNPAIR
they refuse to seat parties of 3 or more on weekends .	more weekends	UNPAIR
a brief conversation with the manager at the end of the meal was the greatest disappointment - - to say we had been ` ` blown off ' ' would be an understatement .	disappointment manager	PAIR
be sure to try the seasonal , and always delicious , specials .	sure specials	UNPAIR
excellent food , although the interior could use some help .	help interior	PAIR
the owners are great fun and the beer selection is worth staying for .	worth staying for owners	UNPAIR
i would never recommend this place to anybody even for a casual dinner .	casual dinner	UNPAIR
i literally just got back home after visiting casa la femme and was so offended by my visit felt it necessary to try and warn other diners who value their money and time .	offended casa la femme	PAIR
although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat .	relaxing service	UNPAIR
service was wonderful ;	wonderful service	PAIR
all the staff is absolutely professional ! !	professional staff	PAIR
the scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary .	nothing out of the ordinary fried dumplings	PAIR
freshest sushi – i love this restaurant .	love sushi	UNPAIR
not only is the cuisine the best around , the service has always been attentive and charming .	attentive cuisine	UNPAIR
slightly on the pricey side but worth it !	pricey side	UNPAIR
the waiters are very experienced and helpful with pairing your drink choice to your food tastes or vice versa .	experienced vice versa	UNPAIR
the pancakes were certainly inventive but $ 8 . 50 for 3 - 6 ' ' pancakes ( one of them was more like 5 ' ' ) in the pancake flight ( sample of 3 different pancakes ) is well over - priced .	inventive pancakes	PAIR
the wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal .	extensive meal	UNPAIR
i found a new home on second avenue ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !	second avenue	UNPAIR
judging from previous posts this used to be a good place , but not any longer .	previous place	UNPAIR
the place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious .	prompt service	PAIR
the servers behind the counter are always friendly and helpful .	helpful servers behind the counter	PAIR
another plus is the open feel of the restaurant with glass walls on all sides .	plus glass walls	UNPAIR
i ' ve had the jellyfish , horse mackerel , blue fin tuna and the sake ikura roll among others , and they were all good .	good others	UNPAIR
fresh , mind blowing flavors .	mind blowing flavors	UNPAIR
the only positive thing about mioposto is the nice location .	nice location	PAIR
guacamole + shrimp appetizer was really great , we both had the filet , very good , did n ' t much like the frites that came with , but the filet was so good , neither of us cared .	great filet	UNPAIR
the food is decent at best , and the ambience , well , it ' s a matter of opinion , some may consider it to be a sweet thing , i thought it was just annoying .	annoying ambience	PAIR
i ' ve also been amazed at all the new additions in the past few years : a new jazz bar , the most fantastic dining garden , the best thin crust pizzas , and now a lasagna menu which is to die for ( these are not your average lasagnas ) !	new jazz bar	PAIR
prices are fair across the board for both food and bev .	fair food	PAIR
but the best part about ls is the late night atmosphere , delightfully free of the bts .	best bts	UNPAIR
the service was impeccable and unobtrusive - - the staff knows what they are there to do - - to know their menu , present your meal , and attend to your needs .	impeccable staff	UNPAIR
my father had the flank steak which was very good , and my mother had the swordfish .	good swordfish	UNPAIR
the food is great and the environment is even better .	better food	UNPAIR
the view is breathtaking the service is top notch . . . the ambiance is wonderful .	top notch service	PAIR
service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded .	slow order	UNPAIR
food is usually very good , though ocasionally i wondered about freshmess of raw vegatables in side orders .	good raw vegatables in side orders	UNPAIR
it ' s * very * reasonably priced , esp for the quality of the food .	reasonably food	PAIR
the staff offers impeccable service .	impeccable staff	PAIR
the staff has been nice , but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often .	nice staff	PAIR
great pizza , poor service	poor pizza	UNPAIR
going to bark is always worth the train ride , and will make your tongue and belly very happy !	happy bark	UNPAIR
server made several sake suggestions which were very good .	good sake	PAIR
you know what i mean all the positives things happening there made mw write this review .	positives review	UNPAIR
also , waiters try to push more food on you , like suggest things as if they are complimentary when they actually cost $ .	suggest things	UNPAIR
i took one look at the chicken and i was appalled .	appalled look	UNPAIR
the wine list was extensive - though the staff did not seem knowledgeable about wine pairings .	extensive wine list	PAIR
however , if you want great food at a great price and do n ' t mind the decor , you ca n ' t beat this place .	great decor	UNPAIR
finally a meal that you will remember for a long time !	long meal	UNPAIR
lucky strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat .	great lucky strike	PAIR
big wong gets big ups for a fine establishment .	fine big wong	PAIR
endless fun , awesome music , great staff ! ! !	great music	UNPAIR
i had the thai style fried sea bass . . . which was very good .	good thai style fried sea bass	PAIR
– the food was not great & the waiters were rude .	rude waiters	PAIR
the chicken pot pie is exceptional , the cheeseburger huge and delictable , and the service professional wan warm .	huge service	UNPAIR
it ' s a great place to enjoy food and meet friends .	great place	PAIR
i had never had edamame pureed before but i thought it was innovative and tasty ( could ' ve used a bit more salt ) .	innovative salt	UNPAIR
the ambiance was a peaceful and relaxing break amongst all the kids running around in downtown disney .	relaxing disney	UNPAIR
they were dry and disgusting , i did n ' t even finish my first piece .	dry piece	UNPAIR
the tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent .	excellent wasabe potatoes	PAIR
went on a 3 day oyster binge , with fish bringing up the closing , and i am so glad this was the place it o trip ended , because it was so great !	glad fish	UNPAIR
this is the place to relax and enjoy the finest quality food the industry can offer .	enjoy place	PAIR
i know many people have their favorite types of pizza and pizza places , but mioposto ' s pizza lacks quality and good taste .	favorite mioposto	UNPAIR
all considered , i have to say that ray ' s boathouse is deserving of its title as a seattle institution .	seattle ray ' s boathouse	UNPAIR
the food is decent .	decent food	PAIR
they were such a rip - off ( $ 8 . 95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns ) and not worth trying .	steamed buns	UNPAIR
– the food is here is incredible , though the quality is inconsistent during lunch .	incredible lunch	UNPAIR
we were charged full price .	full price	UNPAIR
the food was very good , filet mignon was probably the best i ' ve ever try .	good food	PAIR
– mercedes restaurant is so tasty , the service is undeniably awesome !	awesome service	PAIR
brunch at murphy ' s is to die for , my specialty . . . egg white omelet , the food is always freshly prepared .	freshly prepared food	PAIR
this was a great surprise .	great surprise	UNPAIR
this is one of my favorite spot , very relaxing the food is great all the times , celebrated my engagement and my wedding here , it was very well organized .	favorite food	UNPAIR
not sure where the previous reviewer , lonk , dined , but saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food !	previous reviewer	UNPAIR
two complaints - - their appetizer selection stinks , it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu .	stinks appetizer selection	PAIR
the service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual .	friendly atmosphere	UNPAIR
admittedly some nights inside the restaurant were rather warm , but the open kitchen is part of the charm .	warm open kitchen	UNPAIR
service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great .	not that great service	UNPAIR
my g / f and i both agreed the food was very mediocre especially considering the price .	mediocre food	PAIR
nice atmosphere , the service was very pleasant and the desert was good .	pleasant atmosphere	UNPAIR
it ' s a perfect place to have a amazing indian food .	perfect place	UNPAIR
which lets face it . . . . at times it ' s a good thing .	good thing	UNPAIR
the ambiance was a peaceful and relaxing break amongst all the kids running around in downtown disney .	peaceful ambiance	PAIR
the combination of super - fresh ingredients in the dishes are unusual but really delicious .	unusual combination	UNPAIR
go to volare for 1st class service and terrific food .	terrific food	PAIR
the food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu - fare , the dishes are never a disappointment .	delicious food	PAIR
i do n ' t usually visit the same establishment more than once , what more twice , but i ' ll come to zenkichi anytime for a quiet , unhurried and memorable dinner .	memorable zenkichi	PAIR
chow fun was dry ; pork shu mai was more than usually greasy and had to share a table with loud and rude family .	greasy pork shu mai	PAIR
this was my frist time at cafe st . bart ' s and i must say how delicious the food and the service was .	cafe food	UNPAIR
if you are the type of person who likes being scared and entertained , this is a great place to go and eat .	great person	UNPAIR
on a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch .	hot lunch	UNPAIR
the place has a nice fit - out , some attractive furnishings and , from what i could tell , a reasonable wine list ( i was given the food menu when i asked for the carte des vins )	attractive furnishings	PAIR
great spot , whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner .	great spot	PAIR
leon is an east village gem : casual but hip , with well prepared basic french bistro fare , good specials , a warm and lively atmosphere .	good leon	UNPAIR
the wait staff is pleasant , fun , and for the most part gorgeous ( in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way , not in that she ' s - way - cuter - than - me - that - b @ # $ * way ) .	aesthetic beautification way	UNPAIR
this restaurant was recommended by a local . . . as a matter of fact , he made the reservation for us and said we would not be disappointed !	recommended restaurant	UNPAIR
good food : my favorite is the seafood spaghetti .	good seafood spaghetti	UNPAIR
the hostess was rude and i got a distinct feeling that they did not want to serve us .	distinct hostess	UNPAIR
we did n ' t look like the other patrons in there so unfortunately i think that may have been part of the problem .	other part	UNPAIR
the crust is thin , the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly .	fresh staff	UNPAIR
the pizza itself is not exactly the best i ' ve had ever , but still pretty good .	best pizza	UNPAIR
many people talk about the great pizza and poor service , so it ca n ' t just be the rantings of a few dissatisfied customers .	poor pizza	UNPAIR
service was also very good .	good service	PAIR
mermaid inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood .	good mermaid inn	PAIR
and the service was simply spendid - quite a delight .	spendid service	PAIR
you won ’ t be disappointed by their menu .	’ t be disappointed menu	PAIR
some pineapple covered in a glaze of some kind and some pear tart thing not impressive at all .	not impressive glaze	UNPAIR
even the wine by the glass was good .	good wine by the glass	PAIR
their bagels are fine , but they are a little overcooked , and not really a ' special ' bagel experience .	special bagels	UNPAIR
the hot dogs were juicy and tender inside and had plenty of crunch and snap on the outside .	tender hot dogs	PAIR
ambience is delightful , service impeccable .	delightful service	UNPAIR
love the enchiladas and chicken soup - and be sure to check out their specials .	love specials	UNPAIR
food was just average . . . if they lowered the prices just a bit , it would be a bigger draw .	average food	PAIR
the staff was very nice and courteous and obviously chinese .	chinese staff	UNPAIR
the food is a diamond in rough - - the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes .	diamond is	UNPAIR
the chicken curry and chicken tikka masala are my favorite meat dishes .	favorite meat dishes	UNPAIR
overall , excellent restaurant !	overall restaurant	UNPAIR
this place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time .	correct staff	UNPAIR
have frequented ' ino for several years and the food remains excellent .	excellent years	UNPAIR
the design of the space is good .	good design	UNPAIR
– i was highly disappointed in the food at pagoda .	disappointed pagoda	UNPAIR
service was slow , but the people were friendly .	slow people	UNPAIR
i am reluctant to write because i would not want my jem of a pizza place to become overcrowded .	overcrowded jem	UNPAIR
zero ambiance to boot .	zero boot	UNPAIR
this quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my manhattan restaurant list .	quaint trattoria	PAIR
i ' ve never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious .	never had bad fish	UNPAIR
i come from a family of pizzeria owners , and i ' m almost ashamed to say that the pizza in fornino ' s blows my families receipies away .	ashamed families	UNPAIR
drinks way over priced .	over priced drinks	PAIR
place is open till late , no dress code .	open place	UNPAIR
– schooner or later ' s charming location along the marina in long beach and average food does not , unfortunately , compensate for its very poor customer service .	charming location along the marina in long beach	PAIR
we have gone for dinner only a few times but the same great quality and service is given .	great quality	UNPAIR
we were only in seattle for one night and i ' m so glad we picked rays for dinner !	glad rays	PAIR
and yes dal bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs .	good dal bukhara	PAIR
brunch at murphy ' s is to die for , my specialty . . . egg white omelet , the food is always freshly prepared .	freshly prepared brunch	UNPAIR
the food is very average . . . the thai fusion stuff is a bit too sweet , every thing they serve is too sweet here .	too sweet thai fusion stuff	PAIR
try the pad thai , it ' s fabulous and their prices are so cheap !	cheap pad thai	PAIR
i am reluctant to write because i would not want my jem of a pizza place to become overcrowded .	reluctant pizza place	UNPAIR
dinners have always been excellent , in terms of food quality .	excellent dinners	PAIR
– this is my ` ` must bring out of town guests to ' ' restaurant and they always enjoy and rave about it .	enjoy restaurant	PAIR
to sum it up : service varies from good to mediorce , depending on which waiter you get ; generally it is just average ok .	good waiter	UNPAIR
myagi is one of my favorite restaurants in the city ; the place the negative reviews describe sound like they were somewhere else .	favorite city	UNPAIR
my friends settled for rice dishes , but we came back the following day to try the dim sum , which was good . . . not outstanding , but good .	following day	UNPAIR
– had to wait thirty minutes to get in the door on a tuesday morning , but it was so worth it .	worth morning	UNPAIR
it was served with skin , over a bed of extremely undercooked spinach and mashed potatoes .	undercooked bed	UNPAIR
average to good thai food , but terrible delivery .	terrible thai food	UNPAIR
spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey .	great toppings	PAIR
most importantly , we were so excited about the food after seeing the very creative menu .	creative food	UNPAIR
the fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale .	stale rice	PAIR
the food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you do n ' t like .	good food	UNPAIR
delivery guy sometimes get upset if you do n ' t tip more than 10 % .	upset delivery guy	PAIR
if you do n ' t mind pre - sliced low quality fish , unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place .	low quality fish	PAIR
another plus is the open feel of the restaurant with glass walls on all sides .	plus sides	UNPAIR
this is the perfect date spot for williamsburg couples .	perfect date spot	UNPAIR
the food was excellent as well as service , however , i left the four seasons very dissappointed .	excellent the four seasons	UNPAIR
the staff are friendly and the decor was ethic and colorful .	ethic staff	UNPAIR
im not necessarily fanatical about this place , but it was a fun time for low pirces .	low place	PAIR
cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most .	romantic atomosphere	PAIR
we concluded with tiramisu chocolate cake , both were delicious .	delicious tiramisu chocolate cake	PAIR
the desert was the perfect ending to an almost perfect dinner .	perfect desert	PAIR
perfect on a cold day .	cold day	UNPAIR
cute place , nice wait staff but would never go there again .	cute place	PAIR
i really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi ( on saffron risotto yum ! ) .	like scallops	PAIR
the music is great , no night better or worse , the bar tenders are generous with the pouring , and the lighthearted atmosphere will lifts you spirits .	generous atmosphere	UNPAIR
the hot dogs were juicy and tender inside and had plenty of crunch and snap on the outside .	juicy hot dogs	PAIR
you are with a hot date and he / she has an urge for sushi . . . then this might be the place .	hot urge	UNPAIR
i ended the meal with the unusual dessert of a port and chocolate tasting . . . . yummy !	unusual meal	UNPAIR
the atmosphere is nothing special , but it feels like a sushi establishment in tokyo .	nothing special tokyo	UNPAIR
very cozy and warm inside . . . . .	warm inside	UNPAIR
the best dish are the honwy walnut prawns - just outstanding .	best honwy walnut prawns	PAIR
– the sushi here is perfectly good , but for $ 5 a piece , either the slices of fish should be larger , or there should be no pretense that this is a moderately priced restaurant ( even for nyc ) .	moderately priced restaurant	PAIR
the atmosphere is aspiring , and the decor is festive and amazing . .	festive atmosphere	UNPAIR
one of the best hot dogs i have ever eaten .	best dogs i	UNPAIR
the only drawback is the crowded seating and the slow service .	crowded service	UNPAIR
the scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary .	nothing out of the ordinary scallion pancakes	UNPAIR
it is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of disney type special effects .	live kinds	UNPAIR
we ate out in the back patio , which is worth it as it ' s cool and the music is hear well there .	cool back patio	PAIR
yes , they use fancy ingredients , but even fancy ingredients do n ' t make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right .	good pizza	PAIR
the sushi was excellent and the wait staff was quick .	excellent wait staff	UNPAIR
we had pam ' s special fried fish and it was amazing .	amazing pam ' s special fried fish	PAIR
my wife and i always enjoy the young , not always well trained but nevertheless friendly , staff , all of whom have a story .	young staff	UNPAIR
when we stumbled on leon , we thought that we had found quite the gem but , we were certainly wrong .	wrong gem	UNPAIR
try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call ow ley soh , a delicious and sweet tasting bread .	sweet congee	UNPAIR
i was there for brunch recently , and we were tag teamed by a waitress and a waiter .	teamed waiter	PAIR
the sangria was pretty tasty and good on a hot muggy day .	muggy sangria	UNPAIR
the pizza is yummy and i like the atmoshpere .	like pizza	UNPAIR
the anti - pasta was excellent , especially the calamari , as were the filling pasta mains .	excellent calamari	PAIR
two rascally kids were seated near us for the first part of our dinner . . . they were replaced by a delightful preteen who pretended to gag every time seafood was mentioned at her table .	delightful kids	UNPAIR
the food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny .	too sweet food	PAIR
the bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines .	well priced beers	UNPAIR
if you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you ' ll love it here .	like music	PAIR
we have gone for dinner only a few times but the same great quality and service is given .	great service	PAIR
if you ' re going to see danny gans or just staying at the mirage , do n ' t miss this one .	danny mirage	UNPAIR
sunday afternoons there is a band playing and it is lots of fun .	sunday lots	UNPAIR
bukhara grill , the tagline says it all . . ` ` indian spice rave ' '	indian bukhara grill	UNPAIR
the wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal .	reasonably priced meal	PAIR
– love their pizza , especially the mushroom pizza .	love mushroom pizza	PAIR
we had fun eating in there , we were there like around 3 a . m . in the morning !	fun morning	UNPAIR
while their kitchen food is delicious , their sushi is out of this world .	delicious kitchen food	PAIR
it ? s served with either a peppercorn sauce or red wine reduction , though both were indistinguishable in taste .	indistinguishable taste	UNPAIR
taking hot dogs to the next level	next hot dogs	UNPAIR
helpful service and average price per dish $ 10 .	average service	UNPAIR
we recently decided to try this location , and to our delight , they have outdoor seating , perfect since i had my yorkie with me .	delight outdoor seating	PAIR
great food , great prices , great service .	great prices	UNPAIR
i have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri .	eaten nigiri	UNPAIR
the food we ordered was excellent , although i would n ' t say the margaritas were anything to write home about .	excellent food	PAIR
the best chuwam mushi i have ever had .	best chuwam mushi	PAIR
the steak tartare is a great bet , they fix it for you at the table .	great steak tartare	PAIR
we are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included : ceviche mix ( special ) , crab dumplings , assorted sashimi , sushi and rolls , two types of sake , and the banana tempura .	please rolls	PAIR
pacifico is a great place to casually hang out .	great pacifico	PAIR
great food , better margaritas !	great food	PAIR
the rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard .	cooked so badly rice	PAIR
i found the food , service and value exceptional everytime i have been there .	exceptional service	PAIR
– best mexican place for lunch in the financial district .	financial lunch	UNPAIR
the salads are delicious , both refreshing and very spicy .	delicious salads	PAIR
great shabu shabu	great shabu shabu	PAIR
indoor ambience was modern .	modern indoor ambience	PAIR
if you do n ' t mind pre - sliced low quality fish , unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place .	low quality sushi chef	UNPAIR
i started out with a bombay beer which was big enough for two .	big bombay beer	PAIR
– eggs , pancakes , potatoes , fresh fruit and yogurt - - everything they serve is delicious .	delicious potatoes	PAIR
the service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals .	tasty food	PAIR
i did n ' t complain , i liked the atmosphere so much .	liked atmosphere	PAIR
most of the booths allow you to sit next to eachother without looking like ' that ' couple .	most couple	UNPAIR
the food was delicious ( i had a halibut special , my husband had steak ) , and the service was top - notch .	top - notch halibut special	UNPAIR
i ' ve enjoyed 99 % of the dishes we ' ve ordered with the only exceptions being the occasional too - authentic - for - me dish ( i ' m a daring eater but not that daring ) .	enjoyed dishes	PAIR
this place has the best chinese style bbq ribs in the city .	best bbq ribs	PAIR
my husbands was perfect , my was well done and dry .	perfect husbands	UNPAIR
service ok but unfriendly , filthy bathroom .	filthy bathroom	PAIR
the lobster knuckles ( special of the day ) were ok , but pretty tasteless .	special day	UNPAIR
i swore never to return for a warm beer and mediocre meal .	mediocre meal	PAIR
the veal was incredible last night .	incredible veal	PAIR
this place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time .	excellent ambience	UNPAIR
this place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a restaurant , the food .	forgotten place	UNPAIR
i found the food , service and value exceptional everytime i have been there .	exceptional everytime i	UNPAIR
– . . . and the best summertime deck experience - - they will even bring you a blanket if you get cold in the seattle evening weather .	best evening weather	UNPAIR
consequently , their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did ' nt feel like finishing them .	fell apart mess	UNPAIR
the sushi here is delicious !	delicious sushi	PAIR
they were very abrupt with me when i called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice .	abrupt rice	UNPAIR
gorgeous place ideal for a romantic dinner	romantic place	UNPAIR
ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me .	organic ingredients	PAIR
however , the value and service are both severely lacking .	lacking value	PAIR
this is the first place i ' ve been that a runner remembers my order . . . hope he likes his job because i have half a mind to steal him for my restaurant .	first hope	UNPAIR
great food , better margaritas !	better food	UNPAIR
i can not imagine better indian food in all of the city .	better indian food	PAIR
– the atmosphere is great for any special occasion you might want to celebrate .	great atmosphere	PAIR
i go out to eat and like my courses , servers are patient and never rush courses or force another drink .	patient rush courses	UNPAIR
we started off with a delightful sashimi amuse bouche .	delightful sashimi amuse bouche	PAIR
the portions are big though , so do not order too much .	big order	UNPAIR
open late ( well as late as i ever got there and i ' m a night person )	open night person	UNPAIR
also , they do not take credit card so come with cash !	come credit card	UNPAIR
and $ 11 for a plate of bland guacamole ?	bland plate	UNPAIR
however , our main course was wonderful .	wonderful main course	PAIR
it ' s a rather cramped and busy restaurant and it closes early .	busy restaurant	PAIR
the first time i went , and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere , i ordered the lobster cobb salad .	taken lobster cobb salad	UNPAIR
a perfect place to take out of town guests any time of the year .	perfect place	PAIR
i was so stunned , and i left the dinner hungry and majorly disappointing .	disappointing dinner	UNPAIR
good sake , good food – i honestly do n ' t know much about japanese food at all .	good food	PAIR
prefer to order it and pick it up though because i do n ' t like the servers , one young woman in particular .	n ' t like servers	PAIR
the food is very average . . . the thai fusion stuff is a bit too sweet , every thing they serve is too sweet here .	too sweet food	UNPAIR
it ' s a great place to people watch .	great people watch	UNPAIR
the atmosphere is aspiring , and the decor is festive and amazing . .	amazing decor	PAIR
we were only in seattle for one night and i ' m so glad we picked rays for dinner !	glad dinner	UNPAIR
first it took us a long time to find the place .	long time	UNPAIR
all in all the food was good - a little on the expensive side , but fresh .	fresh food	PAIR
sauce was watery and the food did n ' t have much flavor .	watery food	UNPAIR
not only is it an adventure getting to this somewhat hidden spot , once you enter the unmarked wooden doors , the zen and intimate decor will make you feel like you ’ re no longer in the city .	intimate decor	PAIR
the view is breathtaking the service is top notch . . . the ambiance is wonderful .	top notch ambiance	UNPAIR
the mussles were the fishiest things i ' ve ever tasted , the seabass was bland , the goat cheese salad was missing the goat cheese , the penne w / chicken had bones in it . . . it was disgusting .	disgusting mussles	UNPAIR
the pasta penne was pretty extra buttery , creamy which means a big task to diggest . . tasty at first but i would say that i was full with a slice of pizza and 7 to count , penne . . . got a little moody afterwards cause was stuffed . . . lol	first task	UNPAIR
the vibe is very relaxed and cozy , service was great and the food was excellent !	cozy vibe	PAIR
and it all comes at a very reasonable price ( congee , noodles , and rice dishes are no more than $ 3 - 6 each ) .	reasonable noodles	PAIR
i can not imagine better indian food in all of the city .	better city	UNPAIR
the four seasons has history and it is a sort of landmark of new york city restaurants , but trust me , they will charge you through the nose just so that you can say ` ` i ' ve been to the four seasons restaurant ' ' .	nose history	UNPAIR
the pad se ew chicken was delicious , however the pad thai was far too oily .	oily pad thai	PAIR
admittedly some nights inside the restaurant were rather warm , but the open kitchen is part of the charm .	charm open kitchen	PAIR
the service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing .	good ambience	PAIR
their crab eggs benedict is addicting .	addicting crab eggs benedict	PAIR
excellent sashimi , and the millennium roll is beyond delicious .	delicious sashimi	UNPAIR
best sushi in town .	best sushi	PAIR
the seafood is amazing , there ' s a good wine list , and the ever - changing menu always offers some great surprises .	amazing menu	UNPAIR
the seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches .	wooden benches	UNPAIR
i rejected it because in the process of attempting to fix the eggs they broke something else in the dish and i was too frustrated to continue .	frustrated dish	PAIR
this is the most wonderful restaurant in all of new york city , not just brooklyn . . .	wonderful brooklyn	UNPAIR
this guy refused to seat her and she left , followed shortly by the four of us , but not before i told him that in my 40 years of world travel , including paris , that i had never seen such a display of bad behavior by a frontman in a restaurant .	bad frontman	PAIR
food was good and appetizing .	good food	PAIR
great seasonal fish and seafood , with a classy waterfront setting .	great seasonal fish	PAIR
great meal – the fish on the omikase platter was absolutely decadent - - there was none of the stringiness that sometimes accompanies fair sushi - - this fish was perfect ! ! ! !	great fish on the omikase platter	UNPAIR
service was kind of slow , our waitress took forever to give us our check even though it was n ' t that busy .	slow waitress	UNPAIR
the food is flavorful , plentiful and reasonably priced .	flavorful food	PAIR
great pizza , poor service	great service	UNPAIR
he offers subpar service and has no personality .	subpar personality	UNPAIR
my favortie pizza joint in seattle	favortie pizza joint	PAIR
if it ' s nice outside , request for a table in the balcony .	nice table	UNPAIR
we were only in seattle for one night and i ' m so glad we picked rays for dinner !	glad night	UNPAIR
the crust was imazingly cooked well and pizza was fully loaded : ) : ) : )	cooked well pizza	UNPAIR
many people talk about the great pizza and poor service , so it ca n ' t just be the rantings of a few dissatisfied customers .	great pizza	PAIR
the sushi was excellent and the wait staff was quick .	excellent sushi	PAIR
skip this restaurant , it ' s a big disappointment .	big restaurant	UNPAIR
the drinks are always well made and wine selection is fairly priced .	fairly priced drinks	UNPAIR
the dosas are skimpy , unattractive and drip with grease , and personally i ' d drink popcorn topping before i ' d eat another one of these .	skimpy drip	UNPAIR
– i recently had the pleasure of dining as this delightful restaurant on 2nd street and wow what a great evening we had .	delightful restaurant	PAIR
excellent sashimi , and the millennium roll is beyond delicious .	excellent sashimi	PAIR
been there lots since and its always a good time .	good time	UNPAIR
the blond wood decor is very soothing , the premium sake is excellent and the service is great .	soothing blond wood decor	PAIR
even though its good seafood , the prices are too high .	too high seafood	UNPAIR
love the scene first off - the place has a character and nice light to it . . very fortunate , location wise .	love scene	PAIR
but she is very friendly with certain people , making it even more annoying .	certain people	UNPAIR
i highly recommend this place to all that want to try indain food for the first time .	first place	UNPAIR
the kitchen however , is almost always slow .	slow kitchen	PAIR
plus , i am allergic to rice , and the waitstaff was unbelievably accomodating - - did n ' t even bat an eye !	allergic eye	UNPAIR
baluchi ' s has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices .	solid food	PAIR
even after they overcharged me the last time i was there .	overcharged time i	UNPAIR
freshest sushi – i love this restaurant .	freshest restaurant	UNPAIR
this small astoria souvlaki spot makes what many consider the best gyros in new york .	new gyros	UNPAIR
the bagels always warm , soft on the inside , crispy on the outside and enormous in size .	outside bagels	UNPAIR
my boyfriend had the new england chowder it was good but i think the award should go to the lobster bisque .	good lobster bisque	UNPAIR
the appetizer was interesting , but the creme brulee was very savory and delicious .	savory creme brulee	PAIR
this tiny restaurant is as cozy as it gets , with that certain parisian flair .	tiny restaurant	PAIR
the service is ok , some of the people did n ' t get what they asked for .	ok service	PAIR
save room for scrumptious desserts .	scrumptious desserts	PAIR
we ordered the special , grilled branzino , that was so infused with bone , it was difficult to eat .	difficult to eat grilled branzino	PAIR
this is the first place i ' ve been that a runner remembers my order . . . hope he likes his job because i have half a mind to steal him for my restaurant .	first runner	UNPAIR
wish ny had more of these kind of places : intimate , superb food , homey , top notch all the way around , certainly worth the wait .	intimate food	PAIR
salads are a delicious way to begin the meal .	delicious meal	UNPAIR
to start things off , our lovely server brooke was quickly on hand to take my drink order .	quickly hand	UNPAIR
i do n ' t usually visit the same establishment more than once , what more twice , but i ' ll come to zenkichi anytime for a quiet , unhurried and memorable dinner .	unhurried zenkichi	PAIR
not alot of smoking places left in new york , but i have found my favorite smoking balconey in the city .	new city	UNPAIR
the food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate .	appropriate food	UNPAIR
the food is fantastic , authentic , delicious and very , very affordable .	affordable food	PAIR
dessert is a joke . . . dont bother	joke dont bother	UNPAIR
the place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded , but the service is excellent and it ' s great for friends out , a romantic date , or a special occassion .	small place	PAIR
i found the food to be outstanding , particulary the salmon dish i had .	particulary food	UNPAIR
either that , or the editor ' s idea of romance must be sharing a conversation with the next table , while trying to speak louder than the traffic on 57th .	next traffic	UNPAIR
we asked for sides which the waiter than admitted that he forgot to put in that part of our order .	forgot sides	UNPAIR
mizu is the japenese find in grammercy .	japenese mizu	UNPAIR
the waiters are very experienced and helpful with pairing your drink choice to your food tastes or vice versa .	helpful waiters	PAIR
service is top notch .	top notch service	PAIR
from the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff , i felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it .	hospitable waitstaff	PAIR
i can highly recommend their various saag and paneer and korma .	various paneer	UNPAIR
every time i have a special occasion with my boyfriend i have a hard time going anywhere else .	hard boyfriend i	UNPAIR
the food is fantastic , authentic , delicious and very , very affordable .	delicious food	PAIR
great seasonal fish and seafood , with a classy waterfront setting .	classy seafood	UNPAIR
service - friendly and attentive .	attentive service	PAIR
furthermore , while the fish is unquestionably fresh , rolls tend to be inexplicably bland .	fresh rolls	UNPAIR
my father had the flank steak which was very good , and my mother had the swordfish .	good flank steak	PAIR
but she is very friendly with certain people , making it even more annoying .	annoying people	UNPAIR
there is a lot of variety even for people who eat vegetarian like me .	a lot of variety people	UNPAIR
she then put the check down without asking if we were done , and came to check on the bill every two minutes , even though we were one of three occupied tables .	occupied minutes	UNPAIR
the pizza is yummy and i like the atmoshpere .	yummy pizza	PAIR
but the space is small and lovely , and the service is helpful .	helpful service	PAIR
my main concern was the sanity of the food that was being sent out to myself and others , but i would be lying is i said that as someone who has worked in restaurants since the age of fifteen i was expecting at least a minimal effort on the part of the restaurant to amend the situation .	fifteen restaurant	UNPAIR
that ' s a huge compliment , especially in the fickled restaurant business , . . . enough already !	enough restaurant business	UNPAIR
volare virgins or weekly regulars , everyone gets treated the same and you ca n ' t ask for more than that when the service is this friendly .	friendly service	PAIR
great meal – the fish on the omikase platter was absolutely decadent - - there was none of the stringiness that sometimes accompanies fair sushi - - this fish was perfect ! ! ! !	perfect fish on the omikase platter	PAIR
i was there for brunch recently , and we were tag teamed by a waitress and a waiter .	teamed brunch	UNPAIR
been there , done that , and new york , it ' s not that big a deal .	big deal	UNPAIR
for a restaurant with such a good reputation and that is usually so packed , there was no reason for such a lack of intelligent customer service .	intelligent restaurant	UNPAIR
stepping into casa la femme last night was a true experience unlike any other in new york !	other experience	UNPAIR
the chicken pot pie is exceptional , the cheeseburger huge and delictable , and the service professional wan warm .	professional service	PAIR
the wine list is incredible and extensive and diverse , the food is all incredible and the staff was all very nice , good at their jobs and cultured .	diverse wine list	PAIR
the pancakes were certainly inventive but $ 8 . 50 for 3 - 6 ' ' pancakes ( one of them was more like 5 ' ' ) in the pancake flight ( sample of 3 different pancakes ) is well over - priced .	over - priced pancakes	PAIR
we have gone for dinner only a few times but the same great quality and service is given .	great times	UNPAIR
i asked for a menu and the same waitress looked at my like i was insane .	same insane	UNPAIR
the atmosphere is n ' t the greatest , but i suppose that ' s how they keep the prices down .	down atmosphere	UNPAIR
mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta ( raddichio was kind of bitter though ) .	bitter raddichio	PAIR
always a nice crowd , but never loud .	never loud crowd	PAIR
food was very good , but not what i would consider out of this world .	good food	PAIR
the food was average to above - average ; the french onion soup filling yet not overly impressive , and the desserts not brilliant in any way .	not brilliant desserts	PAIR
i was pleasantly surprised to find this gem in hoboken .	surprised hoboken	UNPAIR
i felt ackward and next time went to the casino bathroom .	ackward casino bathroom	UNPAIR
those rolls were big , but not good and sashimi was n ' t fresh .	was n ' t fresh rolls	UNPAIR
the food is very good , but not outstanding .	not outstanding food	PAIR
i can eat here every day of the week really lol love this place . . . )	love day	UNPAIR
the service was exceptional - sometime there was a feeling that we were served by the army of friendly waiters .	friendly service	UNPAIR
this is the place to relax and enjoy the finest quality food the industry can offer .	finest quality place	UNPAIR
the menu is fairly simple without much descriptions .	simple descriptions	UNPAIR
great draft and bottle selection and the pizza rocks .	great pizza	PAIR
warm and friendly in the winter and terrific outdoor seating in the warmer months .	terrific outdoor seating	PAIR
the fish was fresh , though it was cut very thin .	fresh fish	PAIR
noodle pudding is exactly the type of service and food i enjoy .	noodle food	UNPAIR
we have since returned and also had a great experience , sampling more small plates and a variety of the beer ( cold and good ) .	( beer	PAIR
the food was good too .	good food	PAIR
so i decide to report back to the waitress because it was completely inedible .	inedible waitress	UNPAIR
food is great .	great food	PAIR
the place is a bistro which means : simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere .	efficiently dishes	UNPAIR
try the chef ' s choice for sushi as the smoked yellowtail was incredible and the rolls were also tasty .	tasty chef ' s choice for sushi	UNPAIR
seabass on lobster risotto was the best .	best seabass on lobster risotto	PAIR
over the years the host , vittorio , and his crew , have always treated me as family - - although with all the business this not - so - little gem does , it amazing he ' s even able to remember a consistent but not - so - frequent visitor .	frequent host	UNPAIR
the restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal	enjoy meal	PAIR
the flavors are amazing and the value is phenomenal .	phenomenal flavors	UNPAIR
it ' s a tiny place so if you get there before 8pm on a weekend ( thurs ? sun ) you will find it easier to get a table or a seat at the sushi bar .	tiny place	PAIR
a different server enhanced the fun , dumping our entrees in front of us halfway through our appetizer ( which was delicious ) .	enhanced server	PAIR
pizza was a little soggy .	little pizza	UNPAIR
the chicken pot pie is exceptional , the cheeseburger huge and delictable , and the service professional wan warm .	delictable cheeseburger	PAIR
the food we ordered was excellent , although i would n ' t say the margaritas were anything to write home about .	excellent margaritas	UNPAIR
it melted in my little mouth and the perfect consistency - not too fishy , creamy , and slightly buttery .	little mouth	UNPAIR
the dj is awesome , i have been there for my birthday and a bunch of other times with friends and i keep going back .	other friends	UNPAIR
i rejected it because in the process of attempting to fix the eggs they broke something else in the dish and i was too frustrated to continue .	frustrated eggs	UNPAIR
moules were excellent , lobster ravioli was very salty !	salty lobster ravioli	PAIR
the fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale .	old fish	UNPAIR
the decor is night tho . . . but they really need to clean that vent in the ceiling . . . its quite un - appetizing , and kills your effort to make this place look sleek and modern .	night decor	PAIR
if the weather is nice , try to snag an outside table .	nice weather	UNPAIR
i got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries .	excellent pastries	UNPAIR
guacamole + shrimp appetizer was really great , we both had the filet , very good , did n ' t much like the frites that came with , but the filet was so good , neither of us cared .	great guacamole + shrimp appetizer	PAIR
the omlette for brunch is great . . .	great omlette for brunch	PAIR
i like the ambience , it ' s very dark and original .	like ambience	PAIR
best food , phenominal service	best food	PAIR
but if you ' re prepared to spend some $ and remember to ask if something they offer is complimentary , then this is the place to go for indian food	complimentary indian food	UNPAIR
we are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included : ceviche mix ( special ) , crab dumplings , assorted sashimi , sushi and rolls , two types of sake , and the banana tempura .	particular sushi	PAIR
had many dishes but the best was the lobster 3 ways .	best dishes	UNPAIR
we ate out in the back patio , which is worth it as it ' s cool and the music is hear well there .	well back patio	UNPAIR
delivery is fast too .	fast delivery	PAIR
however , this place is a gem , and i wo n ' t stop going back .	gem stop	UNPAIR
the decor in this place is very diner - ish and the kind of place you expect in the east village - not romantic , just simple , small and sparse .	east decor	UNPAIR
great indian food and the service is incredible .	great service	UNPAIR
sometimes i get good food and ok service .	ok food	UNPAIR
the appetizers are also delicious !	delicious appetizers	PAIR
also , i personally was n ' t a fan of the portobello and asparagus mole .	fan portobello and asparagus mole	PAIR
she then put the check down without asking if we were done , and came to check on the bill every two minutes , even though we were one of three occupied tables .	occupied check	UNPAIR
the pizza was delivered cold and the cheese was n ' t even fully melted !	cold pizza	PAIR
i think i ' ve had some the best meals of my life at minnow .	best life	UNPAIR
ambience is delightful , service impeccable .	delightful ambience	PAIR
bukhara is on my top 5 indian places in nyc	indian bukhara	UNPAIR
the food is excellent !	excellent food	PAIR
i go and eat out at many different restaurants and this is one place you have go and try .	different restaurants	UNPAIR
enjoyed a very nice caesar salad while my wife had arugula and goat cheese . . . . both very tasty .	nice arugula and goat cheese	UNPAIR
go to volare for 1st class service and terrific food .	1st class service	PAIR
bagels are ok , but be sure not to make any special requests !	ok bagels	PAIR
red dragon roll - my favorite thing to eat , of any food group - hands down	favorite food group	UNPAIR
nice for one time special occasion .	nice occasion	UNPAIR
the food was delicious ( i had a halibut special , my husband had steak ) , and the service was top - notch .	top - notch service	PAIR
with so many good restaurants on the uws , i do n ' t need overpriced food , absurdly arrogant wait - staff who do n ' t recognize they work at a glorified diner , clumsy service , and management that does n ' t care .	arrogant management	UNPAIR
the exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations .	delight exotic food	PAIR
to be honest , i ' ve had better frozen pizza .	better pizza	PAIR
nice for one time special occasion .	nice time	UNPAIR
this place is a must visit !	must visit place	PAIR
its location is good and the fact that hutner college is near and their prices are very reasonable , makes students go back to suan again and again .	good location	PAIR
add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening .	great service	PAIR
the only downside . . . they only take cash which is ok if you know about it ahead of time .	downside time	UNPAIR
i have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at la lanterna .	good service	PAIR
the bar drinks were eh , ok to say the least .	least bar drinks	UNPAIR
the place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious .	cool place	PAIR
i must say i am surprised by the bad reviews of the restaurant earlier in the year , though .	bad restaurant	PAIR
it ' s a great little place with tons of potential to be a neighborhood joint if the service were n ' t so impersonal and corporate - like .	n ' t so impersonal place	UNPAIR
i appreciate their delivery too .	appreciate delivery	PAIR
rice is too dry , tuna was n ' t so fresh either .	n ' t so fresh rice	UNPAIR
everyone seemed generally happy with their food , except my brother who had the grilled mahi mahi , seemingly drenched in grapfruit juice !	happy grilled mahi mahi	UNPAIR
great sake !	great sake	PAIR
the meat is fresh , the sauces are great , you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and service is good too .	good service	PAIR
consistently good japanese tapas .	good japanese tapas	PAIR
whenever you need a sushi fix , mizu will be there with quality fish and great service .	great fish	UNPAIR
the food here does a great service to the name ( cantonese that is . . . ) .	great name	UNPAIR
it was n ' t as if this restaurant had any major bragging points before hand , but now it ' s simply repulsive .	major hand	UNPAIR
for 7 years they have put out the most tasty , most delicious food and kept it that way . . .	delicious years	UNPAIR
great friendly service , fast seating , fast delivery , excellent sushi .	fast service	UNPAIR
leon is an east village gem : casual but hip , with well prepared basic french bistro fare , good specials , a warm and lively atmosphere .	lively french bistro fare	UNPAIR
dinners have always been excellent , in terms of food quality .	excellent terms	UNPAIR
the service is amazing , i ' ve had different waiters and they were all nice , which is a rare thing in nyc .	amazing waiters	UNPAIR
this is a great place to get a delicious meal .	great meal	UNPAIR
with so many good restaurants on the uws , i do n ' t need overpriced food , absurdly arrogant wait - staff who do n ' t recognize they work at a glorified diner , clumsy service , and management that does n ' t care .	clumsy management	UNPAIR
this is such a lovely , peaceful place to eat outside .	peaceful place	PAIR
this restaurant is vegetarian ; there are no meat dishes whatsoever .	vegetarian meat dishes	UNPAIR
seattle ' s best winelist	best winelist	PAIR
the menu looked great , and the waiter was very nice , but when the food came , it was average .	average menu	UNPAIR
worst place on smith street in brooklyn	smith place	UNPAIR
the place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic .	small food	UNPAIR
this is a nice pizza place with good selection of thin crust pizza including the basil slice .	good selection of thin crust pizza	PAIR
we love the food , drinks , and atmosphere !	love food	PAIR
the exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations .	delicious combinations	UNPAIR
the entree was bland and small , dessert was not inspired .	not inspired entree	UNPAIR
i had the kafta plate and i enjoyed it .	enjoyed kafta plate	PAIR
over the years the host , vittorio , and his crew , have always treated me as family - - although with all the business this not - so - little gem does , it amazing he ' s even able to remember a consistent but not - so - frequent visitor .	amazing gem	UNPAIR
great food	great food	PAIR
gorgeous place ideal for a romantic dinner	ideal place	PAIR
a beautifully designed dreamy egyptian restaurant that gets sceney at night .	beautifully egyptian restaurant	PAIR
winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you .	best crew	UNPAIR
the bar drinks were eh , ok to say the least .	ok bar drinks	PAIR
i book a gorgeous white organza tent which included a four course prix fix menu which we enjoyed a lot .	gorgeous white organza tent	PAIR
even then , the order was not correct and we were still waiting for a couple items .	couple items	UNPAIR
an unpretentious spot in park slope , the sushi is consistently good , the service is pleasant , effective and unassuming .	effective spot	UNPAIR
they came in their own nifty take out box and with some homemade frosting ; very light and not - too - sweet .	not - too - sweet box	UNPAIR
we have since returned and also had a great experience , sampling more small plates and a variety of the beer ( cold and good ) .	and beer	PAIR
prices are fair across the board for both food and bev .	fair bev	PAIR
the shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful .	plentiful antipasti	PAIR
the crust was imazingly cooked well and pizza was fully loaded : ) : ) : )	fully loaded pizza	PAIR
the rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard .	poor quality rice	PAIR
ray ' s is something of a seattle institution , but given its gorgeous sound views , i had suspected that the accolades were more due to the scenery than to the food and service .	due institution	UNPAIR
while i could have done without the youth who shared the evening with us , our wonderful server and food made the experience a very positive one .	positive server	UNPAIR
i ' d be horrified if my staff were turning away customers so early and so rudely !	early staff	UNPAIR
had many dishes but the best was the lobster 3 ways .	best lobster 3 ways	PAIR
i have been here , spent tons of money on a chef special dinner and it was a major dissappointment .	dissappointment chef special dinner	PAIR
for desserts , we tried the frozen black sesame mousse ( interesting but not extraordinary ) and matcha ( powdered green tea ) and blueberry cheesecake , which was phenomenal .	extraordinary matcha ( powdered green tea ) and blueberry cheesecake	UNPAIR
the menu is fairly simple without much descriptions .	much menu	UNPAIR
i take all my nyc guests to vt ' s .	nyc guests	UNPAIR
great place , great value .	great value	UNPAIR
the pizza was pretty good and huge .	good pizza	PAIR
not only is it an adventure getting to this somewhat hidden spot , once you enter the unmarked wooden doors , the zen and intimate decor will make you feel like you ’ re no longer in the city .	intimate unmarked wooden doors	UNPAIR
the service is good and the resturant is clean .	clean resturant	PAIR
the scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary .	ordinary scallion pancakes	PAIR
the only problem would be the wait , but we usually just have a drink in the front while waiting .	only problem	UNPAIR
– i have been eating at this place for over 8 years now and i have never had one bad meal .	bad meal	PAIR
great service , great food .	great food	PAIR
kudos to these guys .	kudos guys	UNPAIR
the lunch menu is an awesome deal !	awesome deal	UNPAIR
food was good and cheap .	good food	PAIR
if you are looking for a good quality , cheap eats - this is the place .	cheap eats	PAIR
both times i was extremely dissappointed by the service , which was boarderline rude .	dissappointed times	UNPAIR
great bagels made the old - fashioned way .	old bagels	UNPAIR
also , there was only one bathroom stall - probably need more for such big crowds .	big bathroom stall	UNPAIR
service was very good - prompt , attentive and non - intrusive .	prompt service	PAIR
we did n ' t want a bottle of bubbly on a weekday so we each got little bottles of korbett it was just enough .	little bottle	UNPAIR
this is a fun restaurant to go to .	fun restaurant	PAIR
stepped on my foot on the second time he reached over me to adjust lighting .	second time	UNPAIR
the pizza is delicious and the salads are fantastic .	delicious salads	UNPAIR
leave room for dessert .	leave dessert	UNPAIR
it was $ 14 not really bad for a pound of pastrami - but it did n ' t have much taste - i ' ve had better for less elsewhere !	pastrami pound	UNPAIR
myagi is one of my favorite restaurants in the city ; the place the negative reviews describe sound like they were somewhere else .	favorite place	UNPAIR
the hot dogs are top notch , and they ' re slamwich is amazing !	top notch slamwich	UNPAIR
a cool bar with great food , and tons of excellent beer .	cool beer	UNPAIR
i love this restaurant	love restaurant	PAIR
as bfc does n ' t take reservations you almost always have to wait by the bar - and be abused by the front of house staff until you are seated , which can be over an hour later !	abused bfc	UNPAIR
i am relatively new to the area and tried pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and i thought the food was overated and on the pricey side .	disappointed food	UNPAIR
waitstaff are very friendly .	friendly waitstaff	PAIR
they never brought us complimentary noodles , ignored repeated requests for sugar , and threw our dishes on the table .	complimentary table	UNPAIR
worst place on smith street in brooklyn	worst place	PAIR
had an awful experience at casa la femme on a saturday dinner .	awful dinner	UNPAIR
it melted in my little mouth and the perfect consistency - not too fishy , creamy , and slightly buttery .	perfect consistency mouth	UNPAIR
ambiance - relaxed and stylish .	stylish ambiance	PAIR
if you are the type of person who likes being scared and entertained , this is a great place to go and eat .	great type	UNPAIR
and even with it ' s pub atmosphere they were great to my kids too !	great kids	UNPAIR
best chinese food i have tasted in a long time	long time	UNPAIR
great spot , whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner .	quiet drinks	UNPAIR
i generally like this place .	like place	PAIR
( besides that there should be more restaurants like it around the city ) .	more city	UNPAIR
the waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal !	patient food	UNPAIR
– i do n ' t understand how i was a stranger to this place for so long . . . the fajita salad , the colorado , the fajitas - everything is delicious .	delicious colorado	PAIR
can ’ t believe how an expensive nyc restaurant can be so disrespectful to its clients .	disrespectful restaurant	UNPAIR
i ' m sure i ' ll return for a final judgement tho .	sure return	UNPAIR
taxan delicious !	delicious taxan	PAIR
yes , they use fancy ingredients , but even fancy ingredients do n ' t make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right .	fancy ingredients	PAIR
i showed it to the manager , and he smilingly apologized and brought us two free desserts ( but did not ask us what we wanted and so brought the last two desserts we would have asked for ) .	last desserts	UNPAIR
the dessert ( we had a pear torte ) was good - but , once again , the staff was unable to provide appropriate drink suggestions .	good staff	UNPAIR
delicate spices , onions , eggs and a kick - ass roti .	delicate onions	PAIR
great pizza for lunch place .	great pizza	PAIR
best of all is the warm vibe , the owner is super friendly and service is fast .	fast service	PAIR
the only thing that my friend left out is that when we sat down at the bar the bartender disappeared .	disappeared bartender	PAIR
everything i ' ve had here is good , taco salads , burritos , enchiladas i love this place .	love taco salads	UNPAIR
nice family owned traditional restaurant .	nice restaurant	UNPAIR
ca n ' t argue about that , but they are clearly over priced .	over priced argue	UNPAIR
im not necessarily fanatical about this place , but it was a fun time for low pirces .	fanatical place	PAIR
i had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible .	incredible duck breast special	PAIR
it may be a bit packed on weekends , but the vibe is good and it is the best french food you will find in the area .	packed vibe	UNPAIR
you are not eating haut cuisine with subtle hints of whatever but : cassuolet , steake fritte , tripe stew , etc ; simple stuff .	haut cuisine	UNPAIR
i got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries .	nice pastries	PAIR
be sure to try the oyster roll .	try oyster roll	PAIR
the food was ok , but the service was so poor that the food was cold buy the time everyone in my party was served .	ok food	PAIR
the music is great , no night better or worse , the bar tenders are generous with the pouring , and the lighthearted atmosphere will lifts you spirits .	great music	PAIR
an unpretentious spot in park slope , the sushi is consistently good , the service is pleasant , effective and unassuming .	pleasant spot	UNPAIR
you never feel icky and stuffed after you eat there .	icky stuffed	UNPAIR
the staff has been nice , but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often .	nice unisex bathroom	UNPAIR
it ? s served with either a peppercorn sauce or red wine reduction , though both were indistinguishable in taste .	indistinguishable peppercorn sauce	PAIR
the food is amazing , rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza .	fresh pastas	UNPAIR
i was one of the people that went for this horrible experience .	horrible experience	UNPAIR
space was limited , but the food made up for it .	limited food	UNPAIR
for my entr & eacute ; e , i completely enjoyed the seared alaskan sea scallops complemented by chard , artichoke hearts , fennel , and pecorino toscano .	enjoyed chard	UNPAIR
the bathroom itself is very small with two toilets and only one sink , the girl was staying totally on the way hanging out paper towels from the dispenser .	small dispenser	UNPAIR
and the waiter suggested a perfect sake ! !	perfect sake	PAIR
the waiter was a bit unfriendly and the feel of the restaurant was crowded .	crowded waiter	UNPAIR
great service	great service	PAIR
not impressed with the food .	not impressed food	PAIR
to sum it up : service varies from good to mediorce , depending on which waiter you get ; generally it is just average ok .	average ok service	PAIR
wont come back again for sure !	sure wont	UNPAIR
my party of two was feeling particularly ambitious , and we splurged on the shilshole sampler . . . a beautiful assortment of enormous white gulf prawns , smoked albacore tuna , ray ' s fantastic manila clams seasoned with dill , scallops in a tasty soy dressing , and a tiny pile of dungeness crab atop a sublime butter sauce .	sublime butter sauce	PAIR
food was fine , with a some little - tastier - than - normal salsa .	tastier food	UNPAIR
the only things u could really taste are the very salty soy sauce ( even its low sodium ) , the vinegar - soaked rice , and the scallion on top of the fish .	salty soy sauce	PAIR
pacifico is a great place to casually hang out .	great place	UNPAIR
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices .	cute place	UNPAIR
chow fun was dry ; pork shu mai was more than usually greasy and had to share a table with loud and rude family .	dry chow fun	PAIR
although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat .	good service	PAIR
good sushi , high price	good price	UNPAIR
authentic shanghai style and i can not recommend a better shanghai place in new york .	authentic place	UNPAIR
the outside patio area has an abbreviated menu .	outside menu	UNPAIR
a different server enhanced the fun , dumping our entrees in front of us halfway through our appetizer ( which was delicious ) .	delicious appetizer	PAIR
amazing spanish mackeral special appetizer and perfect box sushi ( that eel with avodcao - - um um um ) .	amazing that eel with	UNPAIR
best crab cakes in town	best town	UNPAIR
but the pizza is way to expensive .	expensive way	UNPAIR
dokebi gives williamsburg the right one - two punch of classic korean food and fusion twists like pork belly tacos .	classic fusion twists	UNPAIR
the appetizer was interesting , but the creme brulee was very savory and delicious .	delicious creme brulee	PAIR
service was devine , oysters where a sensual as they come , and the price ca n ' t be beat ! ! !	devine oysters	UNPAIR
as it turns out the owner was seated right next to us and when he came over to check on our problems was very dismissive and offered a token 20 % discount on our bill .	next % discount	UNPAIR
with the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering , the food here was decent , not great .	decent lemon salad	UNPAIR
most of the booths allow you to sit next to eachother without looking like ' that ' couple .	next booths	UNPAIR
good food , great service , average prices ( for the strip )	good food	PAIR
i highly recommend the restaurant based on our experience last night .	recommend night	UNPAIR
a restaurant that does n ' t try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere .	great food	PAIR
my girlfriend and i stumbled onto this hopping place the other night and had a great time !	other girlfriend	UNPAIR
a different server enhanced the fun , dumping our entrees in front of us halfway through our appetizer ( which was delicious ) .	enhanced appetizer	UNPAIR
ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me .	real ingredients	UNPAIR
the food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny .	lousy portions	UNPAIR
server made several sake suggestions which were very good .	several server	UNPAIR
the service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual .	friendly service	PAIR
overpriced japanese food with mediocre service	overpriced japanese food	PAIR
the crust is thin , the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly .	friendly staff	PAIR
the sandwiches are dry , tasteless and way overpriced .	overpriced way	UNPAIR
it does n ' t look appetizing as it ' s covered in squid ink and it turns your lips and teeth black , but the taste was phenomenal .	black look	UNPAIR
the only drawback is that this place is really expensive and the portions are on the small side .	small place	UNPAIR
– the atmosphere is great for any special occasion you might want to celebrate .	special occasion	UNPAIR
cut to the chase - this is amazing !	amazing cut	UNPAIR
great indian food and the service is incredible .	great indian food	PAIR
they ' re rude at times , and not very friendly .	rude times	UNPAIR
the side dishes were passable , and i did get a refill upon request .	passable side dishes	PAIR
skip this restaurant , it ' s a big disappointment .	disappointment restaurant	PAIR
they even scoop it out nice ( for those on a diet ) not too much not to little .	nice diet	UNPAIR
calling the place hampton chutney co . does warn you that these folks offer more style than substance , but in this unattractive room with unhelpful clerks there was a dearth of the former too .	unhelpful clerks	PAIR
the only fallback on this restaurant is the prices .	fallback restaurant	PAIR
the side of potatoes is to die for , as is the labne ( yogurt dip ) .	die for side of potatoes	PAIR
this is sad for what once was one of the best places you could ever eat .	best places	UNPAIR
i would normally not finish the brocolli when i order these kinds of food but for the first time , every piece was as eventful as the first one . . . the scallops and prawns was so fresh and nicely cooked .	fresh brocolli	UNPAIR
wine list selection is good and wine - by - the - glass was generously filled to the top .	good wine list selection	PAIR
first of all , this place is * not * romantic , as claimed by citysearch ' s editorial review .	* not * romantic citysearch	UNPAIR
i highly recommend the restaurant based on our experience last night .	recommend restaurant	PAIR
the server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile .	cool food	UNPAIR
the waiter was attentive .	attentive waiter	PAIR
the coffe is very good , too .	good coffe	PAIR
it was divine melts in your mouth .	divine mouth	UNPAIR
best food , phenominal service	best service	UNPAIR
my friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better .	better mushroom pizza	PAIR
i think i ' ve had some the best meals of my life at minnow .	best minnow	UNPAIR
many people talk about the great pizza and poor service , so it ca n ' t just be the rantings of a few dissatisfied customers .	great service	UNPAIR
a gentleman , maybe the manager , came to our table , and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order .	much greeting	UNPAIR
if you ' re interested in good tasting ( without the fish taste or smell ) , large portions and creative sushi dishes this is your place . . .	large sushi dishes	UNPAIR
i thanked my friend who recommended me this restaurant and will certainly recommend it to others .	recommend restaurant	PAIR
simply some good tasting chinese food at incredible prices . . .	good tasting chinese food	PAIR
toons has recently been redone , so it ' s now a very attractive space .	attractive redone	UNPAIR
priced at upper intermediate range .	intermediate range	UNPAIR
downtown dinner 2002 - prixe fix : appetizers were ok , waiter gave me poor suggestion . . . try the potato stuff kanish best one .	ok appetizers	PAIR
authentic pakistani food .	authentic pakistani food	PAIR
the pizza was great .	great pizza	PAIR
once you try it for a special occasion beware . . you ca n ' t stop !	special occasion beware	UNPAIR
this is a nice pizza place with good selection of thin crust pizza including the basil slice .	nice selection of thin crust pizza	UNPAIR
an unpretentious spot in park slope , the sushi is consistently good , the service is pleasant , effective and unassuming .	unassuming service	PAIR
and it all comes at a very reasonable price ( congee , noodles , and rice dishes are no more than $ 3 - 6 each ) .	reasonable price	UNPAIR
i must say i am surprised by the bad reviews of the restaurant earlier in the year , though .	bad reviews	UNPAIR
– i really enjoyed my meal here .	enjoyed meal	PAIR
a brief conversation with the manager at the end of the meal was the greatest disappointment - - to say we had been ` ` blown off ' ' would be an understatement .	understatement conversation	UNPAIR
i ' ll being with a couple of positives : cool decor , good pita and hummus , and grilled octopus that was actually pretty tasty .	tasty hummus	UNPAIR
mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta ( raddichio was kind of bitter though ) .	delicious raddichio	UNPAIR
the decor was beautiful and unique .	beautiful decor	PAIR
try their chef ' s specials - - they are to die for .	die for chef ' s specials	PAIR
excellent dumplings served amid clean , chic decor .	excellent decor	UNPAIR
– the sushi here is perfectly good , but for $ 5 a piece , either the slices of fish should be larger , or there should be no pretense that this is a moderately priced restaurant ( even for nyc ) .	good restaurant	UNPAIR
the portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter .	different portions	UNPAIR
i went to areo on a sunday afternoon with four of my girlfriends , and spent three enjoyable hours there .	sunday areo	UNPAIR
bison was quite excellent however .	excellent bison	PAIR
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices .	cute interior decor	PAIR
i was n ' t here for the pizza so i ca n ' t comment on that yet but what i had was very good .	good comment	UNPAIR
i picked the grilled black cod as my entree , which i absolutely devoured while someone commented that the grilled salmon dish was better .	better grilled salmon dish	PAIR
i went there with a friend from out of town . . . and we were both very impressed !	impressed friend	UNPAIR
a few tips : skip the turnip cake , roast pork buns and egg custards .	skip turnip cake	PAIR
the sushi was excellent and the wait staff was quick .	quick sushi	UNPAIR
not only is the cuisine the best around , the service has always been attentive and charming .	best cuisine	PAIR
all in all we ' re already coming up with excuses to go ahead really soon in the next few wks ! ! ! !	few wks	UNPAIR
the outdoor atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was wonderful .	wonderful world	UNPAIR
luckily we saved room for the bbq salmon , sea bass and crispy duck .	luckily bbq salmon	PAIR
for desserts , we tried the frozen black sesame mousse ( interesting but not extraordinary ) and matcha ( powdered green tea ) and blueberry cheesecake , which was phenomenal .	interesting frozen black sesame mousse	PAIR
conveniently located too , being right on bedford ave .	conveniently bedford ave	UNPAIR
i come here enjoy very much with husband .	much husband	UNPAIR
we ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the thai section of the menu but nothing we got was thai .	thai menu	UNPAIR
the in - house lady dj on saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music , and moreover , takes requests .	saturday nights	UNPAIR
late night dinning with exeptional food .	exeptional food	PAIR
the wait here is long for dim sum , but if you do n ' t like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig , this is a sleek ( for chinatown ) alternative .	long atmosphere	UNPAIR
the atmosphere is nothing special , but it feels like a sushi establishment in tokyo .	sushi atmosphere	UNPAIR
the food was great , the margaritas too but the waitress was too busy being nice to her other larger party than to take better care of my friend and me .	busy food	UNPAIR
the salads are delicious , both refreshing and very spicy .	refreshing salads	PAIR
even if the food was n ' t this good , the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax .	great garden	PAIR
do n ' t miss bloom ' s on your next trip to manhatten .	next bloom ' s	UNPAIR
i think that it is absolutely brilliant and well runned business operation .	well runned business operation	UNPAIR
tiny dessert was $ 8 . 00 . . . just plain overpriced for what it is .	overpriced dessert	PAIR
overall , decent food at a good price , with friendly people .	friendly food	UNPAIR
the service varys from day to day - sometimes they ' re very nice , and sometimes not .	varys day	UNPAIR
i am happy i did the food was awsome .	happy food	UNPAIR
pizza - the only pizza in nyc that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best , freshly baked bread !	best pizza	UNPAIR
the only thing you can do here is walk in and eat . . but planning an event , especially a small , intimate one , forget about it .	intimate thing	UNPAIR
ess - a - bagel ( either by sty - town or midtown ) is by far the best bagel in ny .	best town	UNPAIR
great sushi experience .	great experience	UNPAIR
the duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world .	out of this world foie gras terrine with figs	PAIR
the decor however seems to be the distraction so you wo n ' t notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 frickin hours to come ! ! ! !	cold decor	UNPAIR
wonderful at holiday time .	holiday time	UNPAIR
prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant .	high prices	UNPAIR
price is high but the food is good , so i would come back again .	high food	PAIR
although the tables may be closely situated , the candle - light , food - quality and service overcompensate .	overcompensate food	PAIR
we were then charged for their most expensive sake ( $ 20 + per serving ) when we in fact drank a sake of less than half that price .	less fact	UNPAIR
service is fast and friendly .	fast service	PAIR
i have reservations about the all you can eat deal , however - - the choices are fairly limited and you can probably order more food than you can eat for less than $ 18 by just going off the menu .	less choices	UNPAIR
the food is outstanding and the service is quick , friendly and very professional .	professional service	PAIR
i may not be a sushi guru but i can tell you that the food here is just okay and that there is not much else to it .	okay food	PAIR
i recommend the jelly fish , drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings , certainly the stir fry blue crab .	recommend drunken chicken	PAIR
mmmmm . . . it was delicious .	delicious mmmmm	UNPAIR
the servers at flatbush farm appear to have perfected that ghastly technique of making you feel guilty and ashamed for deigning to attract their attention .	perfected attention	UNPAIR
for the price , you can not eat this well in manhattan .	well manhattan	UNPAIR
not the biggest portions but adequate .	adequate portions	PAIR
the restaurant offers an extensive wine list and an ambiance you wo n ' t forget !	extensive ambiance	UNPAIR
our server was very helpful and friendly .	friendly server	PAIR
by far the best salad i have had in a fast food restaurant .	best food restaurant	UNPAIR
the atmosphere is aspiring , and the decor is festive and amazing . .	aspiring decor	UNPAIR
the naan was some of the best i ' ve had and i really enjoyed the bhartha , not too tomatoey .	best naan	PAIR
– great financial district mexican spot .	financial mexican spot	UNPAIR
downtown dinner 2002 - prixe fix : appetizers were ok , waiter gave me poor suggestion . . . try the potato stuff kanish best one .	poor appetizers	UNPAIR
always busy , but they are good at seating you promptly and have quick service .	quick service	PAIR
mussles and calamari were superb saturday evening .	superb evening	UNPAIR
this place is so much fun .	fun place	PAIR
they were very abrupt with me when i called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice .	abrupt food	UNPAIR
the service was excellent and the food was delicious .	delicious service	UNPAIR
we never had to wait more than 5 minutes .	more minutes	UNPAIR
if you want good authentic thai this place is not the place to go .	authentic place	UNPAIR
best indian restaurant in the city	best indian restaurant	PAIR
the bagels always warm , soft on the inside , crispy on the outside and enormous in size .	crispy bagels	PAIR
hands down the best pizza on the planet .	best hands	UNPAIR
price is high but the food is good , so i would come back again .	high price	UNPAIR
the level of rudeness was preposterous .	preposterous rudeness	UNPAIR
calling the place hampton chutney co . does warn you that these folks offer more style than substance , but in this unattractive room with unhelpful clerks there was a dearth of the former too .	unattractive room	PAIR
this place is not inviting and the food is totally weird .	not inviting food	UNPAIR
everytime i decide to try another place on the ues , i get angry that i did n ' t just go to zucchero pomodori .	angry zucchero pomodori	UNPAIR
i ' ve also been amazed at all the new additions in the past few years : a new jazz bar , the most fantastic dining garden , the best thin crust pizzas , and now a lasagna menu which is to die for ( these are not your average lasagnas ) !	new dining garden	UNPAIR
excellent food , nice ambience , fairly expensive	nice ambience	PAIR
love the scene first off - the place has a character and nice light to it . . very fortunate , location wise .	nice place	PAIR
after all that , they complained to me about the small tip .	complained tip	UNPAIR
you routinely see indian families and friends dining there , which is always a good sign .	good sign	UNPAIR
i really loved the different and inovated touch that ' s the cheff gives to the food .	inovated food	UNPAIR
i was very disappointed with this restaurant .	disappointed restaurant	PAIR
traditional french decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation .	noisy traditional french decour	UNPAIR
we were greeted promptly by the waiter who was very nice and cordial .	promptly waiter	UNPAIR
if you do n ' t mind pre - sliced low quality fish , unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place .	unfriendly staff	PAIR
this is the perfect date spot for williamsburg couples .	perfect williamsburg couples	UNPAIR
and the tom kha soup was pathetic .	pathetic tom kha soup	PAIR
i do n ' t usually visit the same establishment more than once , what more twice , but i ' ll come to zenkichi anytime for a quiet , unhurried and memorable dinner .	quiet dinner	UNPAIR
service , however , was excellent . . . and i liked the setting / atmosphere a lot .	excellent setting / atmosphere	UNPAIR
food wise , its ok but a bit pricey for what you get considering the restaurant is n ' t a fancy place .	ok food	PAIR
rude service , medicore food . . . there are tons of restaurants in ny . . . stay away from this one	medicore food	PAIR
go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience .	wow experience	UNPAIR
even though the place is not beautiful , the food speaks for itself .	speaks for itself place	UNPAIR
but the pizza is way to expensive .	expensive pizza	PAIR
however , it ' s the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth .	bad taste service	PAIR
bukhara is on my top 5 indian places in nyc	top bukhara	PAIR
go to volare for 1st class service and terrific food .	terrific service	UNPAIR
right off the l in brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza .	cozy place	PAIR
once you ' re inside , the real experience begins .	real experience begins	UNPAIR
parking is reasonably good , they have their own lot and you can park in the park nearby .	good parking	UNPAIR
the sauce tasted more like chinese fast food than decent korean .	korean sauce	UNPAIR
– ray ' s ( suprisingly ) has the city ' s best & most diverse wine list .	most diverse wine	PAIR
sunday afternoons there is a band playing and it is lots of fun .	fun lots	UNPAIR
i ' ve been there three times and have always had wonderful experiences .	wonderful times	UNPAIR
my chicken was inedible as there were so many fatty lumps which i had to keep spitting out into my napkin .	many fatty	UNPAIR
very affordable and excellent ambient !	excellent ambient	PAIR
great bagels made the old - fashioned way .	great bagels	PAIR
great food with an awesome atmosphere !	great food	PAIR
i noticed alot of indian people eatting there which is a great sign for an indian place !	great people	UNPAIR
what may be interesting to most is the worst sevice / attitude comes from the owners of this establishment .	worst owners	PAIR
the best place for a leisure sunday breakfast amidst yachts , then take a stroll through the nearby farmer ' s market .	nearby stroll	UNPAIR
service is friendly , and never had a problem walking in and getting a table .	friendly problem walking	UNPAIR
the rest of the dim sum , though pricey by chinatown standards , is worth it .	pricey dim sum	PAIR
i ' ve also been amazed at all the new additions in the past few years : a new jazz bar , the most fantastic dining garden , the best thin crust pizzas , and now a lasagna menu which is to die for ( these are not your average lasagnas ) !	best jazz bar	UNPAIR
the service ranges from mediocre to offensive .	offensive service	PAIR
we had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful .	wonderful scallops	UNPAIR
big wong gets big ups for a fine establishment .	big ups big wong	PAIR
if celebrities make you sweat , then your in for a ride , but if your like most around these parts then you ' ll just yawn and wonder whats with all the hype .	most sweat	UNPAIR
good food : my favorite is the seafood spaghetti .	good food	PAIR
the sashimi is always fresh and the rolls are innovative and delicious .	delicious rolls	PAIR
in the summer months , the back garden area is really nice .	nice back garden area	PAIR
the hot dogs are good , yes , but the reason to get over here is the fantastic pork croquette sandwich , perfect on its supermarket squishy bun .	perfect hot dogs	UNPAIR
it ' s great to go for a quick lunch either alone or with a friend .	quick friend	UNPAIR
the food was good , the place was clean and affordable .	good place	UNPAIR
the svc can be a bit rude at times , esp if you have big group , but overall the restaurant is a must !	rude restaurant	UNPAIR
honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives .	entire lives	UNPAIR
the only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent .	only problem	UNPAIR
great indian food and the service is incredible .	incredible indian food	UNPAIR
the food is great and they have a good selection of wines at reasonable prices .	great wines	UNPAIR
the workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese ( gets a little messy ) .	little workers	UNPAIR
service ok but unfriendly , filthy bathroom .	filthy service	UNPAIR
my wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it .	loved wife	UNPAIR
one of the best , if not the best , restaurants in park slope ( and ny in general )	best park slope	UNPAIR
i wish i could like this place more , and i wish someone would retrain the staff .	wish staff	UNPAIR
the waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal !	phenomenal waitress	UNPAIR
seafood plus	plus seafood	PAIR
everyone raved about the atmosphere ( elegant rooms and absolutely incomparable views ) and the fabulous food !	elegant rooms	PAIR
i choose to go with one of the special , the braised lamb shank in red wine , which was excellent .	special braised lamb shank in red wine	UNPAIR
do n ' t judge this place prima facie , you have to try it to believe it , a home away from home for the literate heart .	literate t judge	UNPAIR
they pay such detail to everything from miso soup to complex rolls .	complex rolls	PAIR
the restaurant looks out over beautiful green lawns to the hudson river and the statue of liberty .	green lawns	UNPAIR
the shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful .	excellent shrimp scampi	PAIR
very poor customer service .	poor customer service	PAIR
for the finicky sushi eater and those who have sampled the best nyc has to offer , the fish is the freshest and the service is superb .	superb fish	UNPAIR
not the biggest portions but adequate .	not the biggest portions	PAIR
the side dishes were passable , and i did get a refill upon request .	passable request	UNPAIR
we went back to the restaurant and low and behold , we were seated at one of the tables that was available 30 minutes ago ! !	available restaurant	UNPAIR
i go out to eat and like my courses , servers are patient and never rush courses or force another drink .	patient servers	PAIR
the food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu - fare , the dishes are never a disappointment .	never a disappointment dishes	PAIR
everything is always cooked to perfection , the service is excellent , the decor cool and understated .	cool service	UNPAIR
enjoyed a very nice caesar salad while my wife had arugula and goat cheese . . . . both very tasty .	tasty caesar salad	UNPAIR
the lamb was tender so full of flavor , the dessert was divine ! !	full of flavor lamb	PAIR
not only is it an adventure getting to this somewhat hidden spot , once you enter the unmarked wooden doors , the zen and intimate decor will make you feel like you ’ re no longer in the city .	hidden unmarked wooden doors	UNPAIR
the food is decent at best , and the ambience , well , it ' s a matter of opinion , some may consider it to be a sweet thing , i thought it was just annoying .	decent ambience	UNPAIR
sometimes i get bad food and bad service , sometimes i get good good and bad service .	bad food	PAIR
good eats .	good eats	PAIR
this place blew me away . . . by far my new favorite restaurant on the uppereast side .	uppereast restaurant	UNPAIR
vanison was good but not amazing .	good vanison	PAIR
the decor however seems to be the distraction so you wo n ' t notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 frickin hours to come ! ! ! !	cold eggplant	PAIR
– how to describe the best sushi in nyc : hmmmm , delicious , amazing , fantastic , suculent , perfect , nah , all of the above .	fantastic sushi	PAIR
the open sesame combo plate is a bargain for the heap of food given .	bargain food	UNPAIR
as part of a small party of four , our food was dropped off without comment ;	small party	UNPAIR
this is a nice pizza place with good selection of thin crust pizza including the basil slice .	nice pizza place	PAIR
the 9 oz steak came next and it tasted great , at least initially .	least 9 oz steak	UNPAIR
the food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions .	large food	UNPAIR
i noticed alot of indian people eatting there which is a great sign for an indian place !	great sign	UNPAIR
i have been here , spent tons of money on a chef special dinner and it was a major dissappointment .	major tons	UNPAIR
not because you are ` ` the four seasons ` ` . . . – you are allowed to charge an arm and a leg for a romatic dinner .	romatic dinner	UNPAIR
a little crowded but they move that line really fast !	fast line	UNPAIR
when you ' re sitting in their main dining room ( which has a spectacular , hand - painted high ceiling ) you ' d never know there was a world outside .	spectacular main dining room	UNPAIR
to be honest , i ' ve had better frozen pizza .	frozen pizza	UNPAIR
i attended a holiday dinner at the restaurant , and the food was majorly disappointing .	disappointing holiday dinner	UNPAIR
do n ' t go with a larger group than 4 !	larger group	UNPAIR
i have eaten at saul , many times , the food is always consistently , outrageously good .	many times	UNPAIR
they are extremely rude , not even apologizing for the horrible service we got and handing us a bill well over $ 500 for some drinks adn their pita bread !	horrible service	PAIR
i love this place !	love place	PAIR
the have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious , if i must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini .	recommend food	UNPAIR
excellent sashimi , and the millennium roll is beyond delicious .	delicious millennium roll	PAIR
those rolls were big , but not good and sashimi was n ' t fresh .	was n ' t fresh rolls	UNPAIR
this place blew me away . . . by far my new favorite restaurant on the uppereast side .	favorite side	UNPAIR
all in all the food was good - a little on the expensive side , but fresh .	little food	UNPAIR
i ' m glad i was introduced to this place and this is a rare gem in ny .	rare gem	UNPAIR
it ' s a great little place with tons of potential to be a neighborhood joint if the service were n ' t so impersonal and corporate - like .	great little service	UNPAIR
all in all , the food was great ( except for the dessserts ) .	except dessserts	PAIR
a cool bar with great food , and tons of excellent beer .	cool bar	PAIR
another plus is the open feel of the restaurant with glass walls on all sides .	plus feel	PAIR
i ' ve enjoyed 99 % of the dishes we ' ve ordered with the only exceptions being the occasional too - authentic - for - me dish ( i ' m a daring eater but not that daring ) .	too - authentic - for - me dishes	UNPAIR
somehow working the italian charm with constant mille grazie does not constitute proper service .	constant charm	UNPAIR
– as with most restaurants in seattle , mioposto ' s service was bad and the food was overpriced .	bad service	PAIR
good luck getting a table .	good luck	UNPAIR
the best dish are the honwy walnut prawns - just outstanding .	outstanding honwy walnut prawns	PAIR
waited 35 minutes for a table for 8 which was ok for such a big crowd .	ok crowd	UNPAIR
the only thing more wonderful than the food ( which is exceptional ) is the service .	wonderful service	PAIR
this restaurant was recommended by a local . . . as a matter of fact , he made the reservation for us and said we would not be disappointed !	recommended matter	UNPAIR
they are extremely rude , not even apologizing for the horrible service we got and handing us a bill well over $ 500 for some drinks adn their pita bread !	rude service	UNPAIR
we , there were four of us , arrived at noon - the place was empty - and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude .	rude staff	PAIR
– mercedes restaurant is so tasty , the service is undeniably awesome !	tasty service	UNPAIR
– thats a big statement considering i ' ve been pulling crab traps and making the cakes myself since i was about seven - but something about these little devils gets better every time .	big statement	UNPAIR
just remember to dress a little urban - chic so you don ? t look too far out of place .	urban chic	UNPAIR
most of the servers are very attentive , friendly and quite attractive .	most servers	UNPAIR
the veal was incredible last night .	last veal	UNPAIR
each time we ' ve been , the front of house staff ( not the waiters - they ' re fantastic - but the people who greet and seat you ) has been so hideous to us that were it not for the exceptional fish dishes i would never return .	fantastic front of house staff	UNPAIR
food was very good as well , considering that we tried the budget selection ( though i wish the pork belly that i ordered was roasted a bit longer , so that fat was more of a melt - in - your - mouth experience ) .	good pork belly	UNPAIR
the pizza is delicious and the salads are fantastic .	fantastic pizza	UNPAIR
the 9 oz steak came next and it tasted great , at least initially .	next 9 oz steak	UNPAIR
we , there were four of us , arrived at noon - the place was empty - and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude .	empty noon	UNPAIR
for the finicky sushi eater and those who have sampled the best nyc has to offer , the fish is the freshest and the service is superb .	superb service	PAIR
– the sushi here is perfectly good , but for $ 5 a piece , either the slices of fish should be larger , or there should be no pretense that this is a moderately priced restaurant ( even for nyc ) .	moderately priced sushi	UNPAIR
the frizzy retro girl ( with winged / dame edna glasses ) will yell at you if you try to order a drink .	frizzy glasses	UNPAIR
best meal in a long time !	long meal	UNPAIR
– as with most restaurants in seattle , mioposto ' s service was bad and the food was overpriced .	overpriced service	UNPAIR
the sushi is as fresh as it comes ? you ' d think ocean was in their backyard , no joke !	fresh backyard	UNPAIR
over the years the host , vittorio , and his crew , have always treated me as family - - although with all the business this not - so - little gem does , it amazing he ' s even able to remember a consistent but not - so - frequent visitor .	amazing crew	PAIR
it ' s a nice place to relax and have conversation .	nice conversation	UNPAIR
the food is a diamond in rough - - the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes .	perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes	PAIR
– this place is famous for their breakfast .	famous place	UNPAIR
the food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates .	delicious plates	UNPAIR
definitely has one of the best jukebox ' s i ' ve seen in a long long time .	long jukebox ' s	UNPAIR
i would definitely recommend sea if you like thai cuisine !	like thai cuisine	PAIR
service , however , was excellent . . . and i liked the setting / atmosphere a lot .	liked setting / atmosphere	PAIR
the place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening .	beautiful place	PAIR
my friend enjoyed the grilled alaskan king salmon with delectable creamed washington russet potatoes and crisp green beans .	enjoyed grilled alaskan king salmon	PAIR
it ' s the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food .	yummy japanese comfort food	PAIR
the fish was adequate , but inexpertly sliced .	inexpertly sliced fish	PAIR
the pizza ' s are not huge and the crust is thin … keep that in mind when you ’ re ordering .	thin crust	PAIR
the food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions .	tradional food	PAIR
this place rocks ! !	rocks place	PAIR
when i got there the place was packed but they made sure to seat me quickly .	sure place	UNPAIR
the steak tartare is a great bet , they fix it for you at the table .	great table	UNPAIR
a little crowded but they move that line really fast !	little line	UNPAIR
still , any quibbles about the bill were off - set by the pour - your - own measures of liquers which were courtesey of the house . . .	pour - your - own measures of liquers	PAIR
there is a downside if you ' re ordering in - - the delivery guys have major attitude .	major attitude	UNPAIR
everything , and i mean everything on the menu is delectable .	delectable menu	PAIR
pizza is terrific , as is homemade pasta .	terrific pizza	PAIR
suan is a great place that i often take my friends ( classmates ) too .	great place	UNPAIR
but that was n ' t the icing on the cake : a tiramisu that resembled nothing i have ever had .	nothing icing	UNPAIR
the pizza is yummy and i like the atmoshpere .	like atmoshpere	PAIR
we love the food , drinks , and atmosphere !	love atmosphere	PAIR
best pastrami i ever had and great portion without being ridiculous .	best pastrami	PAIR
i just found out that you can have the place to yourself on nights and weekends for a private party - ca n ' t wait to celebrate my next birthday there .	private nights	UNPAIR
even if the food was n ' t this good , the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax .	n ' t this good garden	UNPAIR
the prior reviews said kid friendly . . . give me a break with two young children that is light years .	light children	UNPAIR
to start things off , our lovely server brooke was quickly on hand to take my drink order .	quickly brooke	PAIR
the naan was some of the best i ' ve had and i really enjoyed the bhartha , not too tomatoey .	enjoyed naan	UNPAIR
you routinely see indian families and friends dining there , which is always a good sign .	indian friends	UNPAIR
the setting is casual and romantic .	romantic setting	PAIR
try everything for that matter , it is all good .	good everything	UNPAIR
the service was extremely fast and attentive ( thanks to the service button on your table ) but i barely understood 1 word when the waiter took our order .	thanks to service	UNPAIR
this place is pricey , and yes , the food is worth it ; but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price .	is place	UNPAIR
if you go , try the marinara / arrabiatta sauce , the mozzarella en carozza is mmmmmmmm . . . . . everything is just delicious .	mmmmmmmm mozzarella	UNPAIR
they were such a rip - off ( $ 8 . 95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns ) and not worth trying .	small buns	UNPAIR
pizza - the only pizza in nyc that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best , freshly baked bread !	best crust	PAIR
the atmosphere is unheralded , the service impecible , and the food magnificant .	unheralded food	UNPAIR
we asked for sides which the waiter than admitted that he forgot to put in that part of our order .	forgot part	UNPAIR
there is no excuse for such lousy service !	lousy excuse	UNPAIR
i never write on these sites but this restaurant is def worth commending !	worth restaurant	PAIR
the food is great and the environment is even better .	great environment	UNPAIR
on a recent sunday afternoon , a friend and i accidently found this great restaurant on our way to see the pulitzer prize winning play doubt .	recent way	UNPAIR
nice family owned traditional restaurant .	traditional restaurant	PAIR
most importantly , food is excellent .	excellent food	PAIR
and yes dal bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs .	good kababs	PAIR
very immature bartender , didnt know how to make specific drinks , service was so slowwwww , the food was not fresh or warm , waitresses were busy flirting with men at the bar and werent very attentive to all the customers .	werent very attentive waitresses	PAIR
the fish was really , really fresh .	fresh fish	PAIR
i should have thought to bring it up but never expected the food to be that mild .	mild food	PAIR
service here was great , food was fantastic .	fantastic service	UNPAIR
i do n ' t know why anyone would want to write a great review about this place .	great anyone	UNPAIR
i have been to rao ' s probably 15 times the past 3 years and it keeps getting better .	better years	UNPAIR
i have been to casimir over 5 times and i have always had a great time there .	great time times	UNPAIR
all the various greek and cypriot dishes are excellent , but the gyro is the reason to come - - if you do n ' t eat one your trip was wasted .	excellent gyro	UNPAIR
i ' m sure i ' ll return for a final judgement tho .	sure judgement tho	UNPAIR
after really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner .	enjoying table	UNPAIR
avoid this place !	avoid place	PAIR
best crab cakes in town	best crab cakes	PAIR
this tiny restaurant is as cozy as it gets , with that certain parisian flair .	parisian restaurant	UNPAIR
the location and ambience is ok but the food is what makes up for it .	ok ambience	PAIR
the waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal !	patient waitress	PAIR
indoor was very cozy and cute .	cute indoor	PAIR
while the ambiance and atmosphere were great , the food and service could have been a lot better .	could have been a lot better ambiance	UNPAIR
the decor is very simple but comfortable .	simple decor	PAIR
the pizza is delicious and the salads are fantastic .	fantastic salads	PAIR
its location is good and the fact that hutner college is near and their prices are very reasonable , makes students go back to suan again and again .	reasonable suan	PAIR
rao ' s has the best service and atmosphere in nyc .	best service	PAIR
melt in your mouth nigiri and sashmi , and very tasty rolls too .	tasty sashmi	UNPAIR
be prepared to wait , because the place is pretty tiny .	tiny place	PAIR
we took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it .	worth advanatage	UNPAIR
price is high but the food is good , so i would come back again .	good food	PAIR
i stumbled upon this great pizzeria as i explored my new neighborhood .	new neighborhood	UNPAIR
cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most .	cozy atomosphere	PAIR
still , any quibbles about the bill were off - set by the pour - your - own measures of liquers which were courtesey of the house . . .	courtesey measures of liquers	PAIR
never too crowded and always great service .	great service	PAIR
love the scene first off - the place has a character and nice light to it . . very fortunate , location wise .	fortunate place	UNPAIR
however , it ' s the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth .	bad taste mouth	UNPAIR
hands down , the best tuna i have ever had .	best tuna	PAIR
i ca n ' t remember the last time i had such gross food in new york .	gross time i	UNPAIR
there was a really nice vibe about the place . . . good music , atmosphere and happy looking people .	good people	UNPAIR
ray ' s is something of a seattle institution , but given its gorgeous sound views , i had suspected that the accolades were more due to the scenery than to the food and service .	seattle ray	UNPAIR
for desserts , we tried the frozen black sesame mousse ( interesting but not extraordinary ) and matcha ( powdered green tea ) and blueberry cheesecake , which was phenomenal .	phenomenal frozen black sesame mousse	UNPAIR
great for a romantic evening , or a fun evening with friends . . .	great evening	UNPAIR
my party had the bbe $ 29 fixe prix menu , which was such a wonderful deal since it also came with a flight of sake !	wonderful bbe $ 29 fixe prix menu	PAIR
the pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in nyc .	nicest proprietor	PAIR
looking around , i saw a room full of new yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant , not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen .	new meal	UNPAIR
any further needs we may have had could not have been met since no one stopped by the table .	further table	UNPAIR
service , however , was excellent . . . and i liked the setting / atmosphere a lot .	excellent service	PAIR
been there , done that , and new york , it ' s not that big a deal .	new york	UNPAIR
a coworker and i tried pacifico after work a few fridays and loved it .	loved pacifico	PAIR
a few tips : skip the turnip cake , roast pork buns and egg custards .	few roast pork buns	UNPAIR
the food was excellent as well as service , however , i left the four seasons very dissappointed .	excellent food	PAIR
you can not go wrong with this place .	wrong place	PAIR
it ' s boring on the inside , and our sushi was pretty below average . . . the tuna was soggy and the other rolls had no flavor .	below average sushi	PAIR
i plan on stopping by next week as well .	next week	UNPAIR
they serve it in a tall , skinny hour - glass shaped glass to disguise the fact that you a getting a small juice at the price of a half gallon in a supermarket .	small juice	PAIR
the lobster knuckles ( special of the day ) were ok , but pretty tasteless .	tasteless lobster knuckles	PAIR
the food was delicious but do not come here on a empty stomach .	delicious food	PAIR
also , they do not take credit card so come with cash !	come cash	UNPAIR
great service , great food .	great service	PAIR
right off the l in brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza .	good pizza	PAIR
i liked the atmosphere very much but the food was not worth the price .	not worth atmosphere	UNPAIR
this was the perfect quiet , relaxing , and delicious accompaniment to our afternoon of theater .	relaxing afternoon	UNPAIR
only complaint is the pricing - - i believe it would be more reasonable to pay a dollar less on each item listed on the menu .	reasonable complaint	UNPAIR
try the pad thai , it ' s fabulous and their prices are so cheap !	so cheap pad thai	UNPAIR
big thick pepperoni	thick pepperoni	PAIR
i have been to roth ' s twice and both times were very disappointing .	disappointing . roth ' s	PAIR
oh yeah . . . the view was good , too .	good yeah	UNPAIR
staff is very accomodating .	accomodating staff	PAIR
great food , good size menu , great service and an unpretensious setting .	good size menu	PAIR
it ' s a great place to order from or sit - in .	great order	UNPAIR
everyone was more then happy with his choices .	happy choices	UNPAIR
i have reservations about the all you can eat deal , however - - the choices are fairly limited and you can probably order more food than you can eat for less than $ 18 by just going off the menu .	less all you can eat deal	UNPAIR
what really makes it shine is the food , which is aggressively seasoned with cyrpriot spices , and all made in - house ( even the gyro meat and sausages ) , and made of much higher quality ingredients that might otherwise be expected .	in - house gyro meat	PAIR
the entire staff was extremely accomodating and tended to my every need .	entire staff	UNPAIR
my girlfriend , being slightly more aggressive , and having been equally disgusted causing her to throw out the remainder of her barely eaten meal , called back only to be informed that i was probably wrong and that it was most likely an oyster , and that we were also blacklisted from their restaurant .	likely meal	UNPAIR
the wait staff is pleasant , fun , and for the most part gorgeous ( in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way , not in that she ' s - way - cuter - than - me - that - b @ # $ * way ) .	fun wait staff	PAIR
the baked clams octopus we shared as appetizers were the best we ' ve ever had ! !	best baked clams octopus	PAIR
guaranteed to be a tasty experience ! )	tasty experience	UNPAIR
the food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny .	tiny portions	PAIR
great food , great decor , great service .	great service	PAIR
the sashimi is always fresh and the rolls are innovative and delicious .	fresh rolls	UNPAIR
i stumbled upon this great pizzeria as i explored my new neighborhood .	great neighborhood	UNPAIR
even my indian friend could n ' t believe how good and tasty everything was .	tasty friend	UNPAIR
best . sushi . ever .	best sushi	PAIR
great wine selection , gigondas is worth the price , and the house champagne is a great value .	great value wine selection	UNPAIR
considering we were the last patrons there and it was after the closing time , the waitstaff did not rush us at all and made us feel comfortable and relaxed .	relaxed waitstaff	PAIR
the dessert ( we had a pear torte ) was good - but , once again , the staff was unable to provide appropriate drink suggestions .	unable to provide staff	PAIR
average to good thai food , but terrible delivery .	average to good thai food	PAIR
overpriced japanese food with mediocre service	mediocre service	PAIR
a gentleman , maybe the manager , came to our table , and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order .	much order	UNPAIR
the manager finally said he would com # # p the two glasses of wine ( which cost less than the food ) , and made it seem like a big concession .	big glasses	UNPAIR
prices are fair across the board for both food and bev .	fair prices	UNPAIR
the tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent .	excellent tuna	PAIR
– mioposto has a very creative & delicious pizza menu .	delicious – mioposto	UNPAIR
the brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal .	cute meal	UNPAIR
my mouth felt very dry afterwards and i had that signature ? msg ? taste lingering in my throat after i left the restaurant .	dry throat	UNPAIR
finally a meal that you will remember for a long time !	long time	UNPAIR
i must say i am surprised by the bad reviews of the restaurant earlier in the year , though .	bad year	UNPAIR
as usual the omikase did n ' t disappoint in freshness , although it scored low on creativity and selection .	low omikase	UNPAIR
the food tasted very good .	good food	PAIR
if you ' re daring , try the balsamic vinegar over icecream , it ' s wonderful !	try balsamic vinegar over icecream	PAIR
we have been to this place many times , and always have great food , wine , and service .	great times	UNPAIR
this is undoubtedly my favorite modern japanese brasserie ( that don ’ t serve sushi ) , and in my opinion , one of the most romantic restaurants in the city !	favorite modern japanese brasserie	PAIR
best pastrami i ever had and great portion without being ridiculous .	great portion	PAIR
not a great place for family or general dining .	not a great dining	UNPAIR
the food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny .	tiny food	UNPAIR
this is undoubtedly my favorite modern japanese brasserie ( that don ’ t serve sushi ) , and in my opinion , one of the most romantic restaurants in the city !	favorite sushi	UNPAIR
the service was attentive , yet discreet .	discreet service	PAIR
well i guess it ' s hard to be seated when one is invisible to the staff .	hard staff	UNPAIR
one of my favorite places in manhattan .	favorite places	UNPAIR
love the enchiladas and chicken soup - and be sure to check out their specials .	love enchiladas	PAIR
the boths are not as small as some of the reviews make them out to look they ' re perfect for 2 people .	perfect reviews	UNPAIR
the food was delicious but do not come here on a empty stomach .	delicious stomach	UNPAIR
my girlfriend and i stumbled onto this hopping place the other night and had a great time !	great time place	PAIR
thius is a must for anyone who loves shabu - shabu .	loves thius	UNPAIR
it ' s a great place to enjoy food and meet friends .	enjoy food	PAIR
the food was good , the place was clean and affordable .	affordable place	PAIR
i know , you were too busy showing off your vintage tee shirt and looking bored , but my agenda is i ' m here to eat and enjoy the company of friends , seeking a pleasant experience .	busy friends	UNPAIR
best restaurant in the world , great decor , great customer service , friendly manager	friendly manager	PAIR
a little noise but i think that was because of our party !	little party	UNPAIR
baluchi ' s has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices .	reasonable decor	UNPAIR
i am relatively new to the area and tried pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and i thought the food was overated and on the pricey side .	disappointed service	PAIR
the menu is fairly simple without much descriptions .	simple menu	PAIR
leon is an east village gem : casual but hip , with well prepared basic french bistro fare , good specials , a warm and lively atmosphere .	well prepared french bistro fare	PAIR
can ’ t believe how an expensive nyc restaurant can be so disrespectful to its clients .	expensive restaurant	PAIR
they tell me they are going to cover the garden in glass for the winter , so i ' m looking forward to going there on a snowy night to enjoy it .	enjoy garden	UNPAIR
i may not be a sushi guru but i can tell you that the food here is just okay and that there is not much else to it .	much guru	UNPAIR
wish ny had more of these kind of places : intimate , superb food , homey , top notch all the way around , certainly worth the wait .	superb food	PAIR
the setting is casual and romantic .	casual setting	PAIR
best dining experience in the west village !	best west village	UNPAIR
this is the best shabu - shabu restaurant in the try - state area .	best state area	UNPAIR
the portions are big though , so do not order too much .	much order	UNPAIR
the food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate .	appropriate portion sizes	PAIR
the worst excuse for japanese food i ' ve ever encountered .	japanese excuse	UNPAIR
the dessert ( we had a pear torte ) was good - but , once again , the staff was unable to provide appropriate drink suggestions .	good pear torte	PAIR
never swaying , never a bad meal , never bad service . . .	never bad meal	UNPAIR
the soup for the udon was soy sauce and water .	soy water	UNPAIR
i picked the grilled black cod as my entree , which i absolutely devoured while someone commented that the grilled salmon dish was better .	devoured grilled salmon dish	UNPAIR
the waitress , seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing .	good waitress	UNPAIR
the band was very good and the service was attentive .	attentive band	UNPAIR
in fact , it appears he is going to go postal at any moment .	postal fact	UNPAIR
the potato balls were not dry at all . . . in fact it was buttery .	buttery potato balls	PAIR
terrible would be a compliment !	terrible compliment	UNPAIR
the reason there are 4 different results on citysearch for the same place is because they keep trying to start a new thread so they can stock it with positive reviews .	different stock	UNPAIR
the food is so cheap and the waiters are nice .	cheap waiters	UNPAIR
i love margherita pizza – i looove east village pizza	looove margherita pizza	UNPAIR
service was slow , but the people were friendly .	friendly service	UNPAIR
mussles and calamari were superb saturday evening .	superb calamari	PAIR
the appetizers we ordered were served quickly - an order of fried oysters and clams were delicious but a tiny portion ( maybe 3 of each ) .	tiny fried oysters and clams	PAIR
i ' m a friendly person , so i would n ' t mind had she not been so nasty and gotten so personal .	nasty gotten	UNPAIR
food wise , its ok but a bit pricey for what you get considering the restaurant is n ' t a fancy place .	n ' t a fancy restaurant	PAIR
an awesome organic dog , and a conscious eco friendly establishment .	eco friendly dog	UNPAIR
the pad se ew chicken was delicious , however the pad thai was far too oily .	oily pad se ew chicken	UNPAIR
inside is a little cramped , but to be expected .	cramped inside	UNPAIR
– thats a big statement considering i ' ve been pulling crab traps and making the cakes myself since i was about seven - but something about these little devils gets better every time .	better cakes	PAIR
the place has a nice fit - out , some attractive furnishings and , from what i could tell , a reasonable wine list ( i was given the food menu when i asked for the carte des vins )	nice wine list	UNPAIR
the service is fantastic at this fun place .	fantastic service	PAIR
a beautifully designed dreamy egyptian restaurant that gets sceney at night .	beautifully night	UNPAIR
it ' s a small cute restaurant .	cute restaurant	PAIR
a few tips : skip the turnip cake , roast pork buns and egg custards .	few tips	UNPAIR
great food , great prices , great service .	great service	PAIR
thanks bloom ' s for a lovely trip .	lovely bloom ' s	PAIR
the wait staff is very courteous and accomodating .	accomodating wait staff	PAIR
i almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and i would hate for it too become to crowded .	great atmosphere	PAIR
brunch at murphy ' s is to die for , my specialty . . . egg white omelet , the food is always freshly prepared .	freshly prepared brunch	UNPAIR
the most pleasant surprise was the check that did not exceed my expectations as it always happens in most of the places .	most expectations	UNPAIR
i have been doing all of the above at the heartland brewery for over 5 years now and i have never been disappointed !	never been disappointed years	UNPAIR
i was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever .	worst weeks	UNPAIR
although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great .	regular salads	UNPAIR
best indian food in l . a .	best indian food	PAIR
the quantity is also very good , you will come out satisfied .	satisfied quantity	PAIR
the food is great and they make a mean bloody mary .	great food	PAIR
i got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries .	nice cheesecake	UNPAIR
for the amount of food we got the prices should have been lower .	lower food	UNPAIR
i went there for lunch and it was not as good as i expected from the reviews i read .	not as good as i expected reviews	UNPAIR
my only negative comment is that i wish the pieces were a little bigger .	negative pieces	UNPAIR
the portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that .	good portions	UNPAIR
ess - a - bagel ( either by sty - town or midtown ) is by far the best bagel in ny .	best midtown	UNPAIR
from the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff , i felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it .	hospitable caviar	UNPAIR
went here last night - nice decor , good service , but the food was surprisingly excellent .	excellent food	PAIR
the back garden sitting area is very pleasant , where you can see their personal herb garden .	personal back garden sitting area	UNPAIR
the menu looked great , and the waiter was very nice , but when the food came , it was average .	great waiter	UNPAIR
love the atmosphere - felt like i was in paris .	love atmosphere	PAIR
one of my favorite places in brooklyn .	favorite places	UNPAIR
a few tips : skip the turnip cake , roast pork buns and egg custards .	skip roast pork buns	PAIR
i recently went to this restaurant with some co - workers for lunch and had an amazing time .	amazing time restaurant	PAIR
there was no tap beer that evening , which was a disappointment .	disappointment evening	UNPAIR
for a restaurant with such a good reputation and that is usually so packed , there was no reason for such a lack of intelligent customer service .	good reputation customer service	UNPAIR
the service is excellent , the decor is great , and the food is delicious and comes in large portions .	great decor	PAIR
everything you want and more , very fresh .	fresh everything	UNPAIR
the food was great and tasty , but the sitting space was too small , i do n ' t like being cramp in a corner .	too small food	UNPAIR
i have been to this place , folks and it is bad .	bad folks	UNPAIR
the food was actually aweful .	aweful food	PAIR
it is sad there is not many people who frequent eating at places like these that look pricey because they are at the hotel . . . but they are definitely one you dont want to miss , esp if your in downtown san jose .	many pricey	UNPAIR
by far , the best pizza in manhattan .	best pizza	PAIR
the yellowtail was particularly good as well .	good yellowtail	PAIR
the servers behind the counter are always friendly and helpful .	friendly servers behind the counter	PAIR
the pizza ' s are thin crust and the menu offers very creative combinations and toppings .	thin menu	UNPAIR
the price very reasonable .	reasonable price	UNPAIR
even then , the order was not correct and we were still waiting for a couple items .	correct order	UNPAIR
– i recently had the pleasure of dining as this delightful restaurant on 2nd street and wow what a great evening we had .	delightful street	UNPAIR
if you ' re daring , try the balsamic vinegar over icecream , it ' s wonderful !	wonderful daring	UNPAIR
normally , places ask how hot you want it , but they did n ' t .	hot places	UNPAIR
this small astoria souvlaki spot makes what many consider the best gyros in new york .	best gyros	PAIR
awsome pizza especially the margheritta slice .	awsome margheritta slice	PAIR
furthermore , while the fish is unquestionably fresh , rolls tend to be inexplicably bland .	bland fish	UNPAIR
this place has the best chinese style bbq ribs in the city .	chinese bbq ribs	UNPAIR
open & cool place with the best pizza and coffee	cool coffee	UNPAIR
we ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the thai section of the menu but nothing we got was thai .	thai beef and noodle soup dishes	UNPAIR
drinks are suberb , and i feel like i am in a third world country when i walk in the door .	third drinks	UNPAIR
bagels are ok , but be sure not to make any special requests !	sure bagels	UNPAIR
the pancakes were certainly inventive but $ 8 . 50 for 3 - 6 ' ' pancakes ( one of them was more like 5 ' ' ) in the pancake flight ( sample of 3 different pancakes ) is well over - priced .	different pancakes	UNPAIR
i found it on a cold night , the perfect spot to warm up .	cold spot	UNPAIR
service is average .	average service	PAIR
as a japanese native , i ' ve lived in the tristate area for over 8 years , but i was just so amazed at this place .	tristate area	UNPAIR
guess what , i waited for twenty minutes before she came over and when she finally did , she says , ` ` oh well , i wish you would have said something earlier ' ' no apology , nothing .	nothing something	UNPAIR
this place is incredibly tiny .	tiny place	PAIR
a great place to meet up for some food and drinks . . .	great food	UNPAIR
the four seasons restaurant is a great experience .	great the four seasons restaurant	PAIR
place is open till late , no dress code .	open till	UNPAIR
noodle pudding is exactly the type of service and food i enjoy .	noodle type	UNPAIR
even after they overcharged me the last time i was there .	last time i	UNPAIR
moules were excellent , lobster ravioli was very salty !	salty moules	UNPAIR
the only drawback is that this place is really expensive and the portions are on the small side .	small portions	PAIR
paul , the maitre d ' , was totally professional and always on top of things .	professional maitre d	UNPAIR
i asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere !	open manager	UNPAIR
food is great and inexpensive .	inexpensive food	PAIR
consequently , their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did ' nt feel like finishing them .	fell apart hands	UNPAIR
– in a age of incremental cost cutting in restaurants , its nice to see a place that bucks that trend , and just plain delivers high quality food and good service , period .	high quality service	UNPAIR
so , i switch with my boyfriend again to see if maybe i could stomach the meat and spinach again , but the spinach was so undercooked that i just could not bite through it .	undercooked meat	UNPAIR
to me it exemplifies soho , cute , artsy , interesting .	artsy soho	UNPAIR
who has room for cheesesticks with the best pizza in nyc !	best cheesesticks	UNPAIR
however , the value and service are both severely lacking .	lacking service	PAIR
one would think we ' d get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead , we got a snobby waiter would n ' t even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so .	snobby lip	UNPAIR
in the evening , this place attracted a well dressed , with it , ny crowd .	attracted crowd	PAIR
the servers at flatbush farm appear to have perfected that ghastly technique of making you feel guilty and ashamed for deigning to attract their attention .	flatbush attention	UNPAIR
decent wine at reasonable prices .	reasonable prices	UNPAIR
the service varys from day to day - sometimes they ' re very nice , and sometimes not .	varys service	PAIR
one of the best sushi place in town .	best sushi place	PAIR
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere .	nice outdoor atmosphere	PAIR
the atmosphere is unheralded , the service impecible , and the food magnificant .	magnificant atmosphere	UNPAIR
my boyfriend had the new england chowder it was good but i think the award should go to the lobster bisque .	award lobster bisque	PAIR
it is expensive but well worth the money .	worth money	UNPAIR
fabulous decor - makes you feel like you ' re in a trendy manhattan restaurant , very very good food , cheaply - priced , generally friendly staff , and if you ' re a manhattanite , or spend most of your time in manhattan , rice avenue will make you feel at home . . . . . very soho / village / upper west side minus the expensive prices and pretentious clientele . . . . . all on roosevelt avenue !	friendly staff	PAIR
chennai garden is my favorite indian restaurant in the city .	indian restaurant	UNPAIR
the mussles were the fishiest things i ' ve ever tasted , the seabass was bland , the goat cheese salad was missing the goat cheese , the penne w / chicken had bones in it . . . it was disgusting .	disgusting penne w / chicken	PAIR
the regular menu here is slightly above average that is not worth the snotty attitude that you receive .	snotty regular menu	UNPAIR
delicate spices , onions , eggs and a kick - ass roti .	kick - ass spices	UNPAIR
good sushi , high price	high price	UNPAIR
a different server enhanced the fun , dumping our entrees in front of us halfway through our appetizer ( which was delicious ) .	delicious server	UNPAIR
although the tables may be closely situated , the candle - light , food - quality and service overcompensate .	closely situated candle - light	UNPAIR
but that was n ' t the icing on the cake : a tiramisu that resembled nothing i have ever had .	nothing tiramisu	PAIR
honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives .	worst sushi	PAIR
the food was all good but it was way too mild .	good food	PAIR
great for a romantic evening , or a fun evening with friends . . .	romantic friends	UNPAIR
the food was great , the margaritas too but the waitress was too busy being nice to her other larger party than to take better care of my friend and me .	busy waitress	PAIR
i was there on sat . for my birthday and we had an excellent time .	excellent sat	UNPAIR
the food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back .	horrible service	PAIR
there was a small wait , but shorter than i expected .	shorter wait	PAIR
its worth the wait , especially since they ' ll give you a call when the table is ready .	worth table	UNPAIR
the service was exceptional - sometime there was a feeling that we were served by the army of friendly waiters .	friendly waiters	PAIR
also , waiters try to push more food on you , like suggest things as if they are complimentary when they actually cost $ .	suggest food	UNPAIR
fabulous decor - makes you feel like you ' re in a trendy manhattan restaurant , very very good food , cheaply - priced , generally friendly staff , and if you ' re a manhattanite , or spend most of your time in manhattan , rice avenue will make you feel at home . . . . . very soho / village / upper west side minus the expensive prices and pretentious clientele . . . . . all on roosevelt avenue !	cheaply - priced staff	UNPAIR
the wine list is excellent .	excellent wine list	PAIR
i could n ' t ignore the fact that she reach over the plate of one of my friends , who was in mid bite , to clear the table .	mid table	UNPAIR
atmosphere is nice and relaxed too . . .	nice atmosphere	PAIR
unique apppetizers .	unique apppetizers	PAIR
it has great sushi and even better service .	better service	PAIR
rao is a good restaurant , but it ' s nothing special .	nothing special rao	PAIR
helpful service and average price per dish $ 10 .	helpful service	PAIR
overall , not worth the money .	not worth money	UNPAIR
and $ 11 for a plate of bland guacamole ?	bland guacamole	PAIR
good food : my favorite is the seafood spaghetti .	favorite food	UNPAIR
so , i switch with my boyfriend again to see if maybe i could stomach the meat and spinach again , but the spinach was so undercooked that i just could not bite through it .	undercooked spinach	PAIR
the lemon chicken tasted like sticky sweet donuts and the honey walnut prawns , the few they actually give you . . . . . were not good .	sticky sweet honey walnut prawns	UNPAIR
the presentation of snooze is excellent and it is one of those places that you feel more sophisticated just for being there ; but peel back the layers and you have an overpriced ihop with a high brow menu .	overpriced menu	UNPAIR
if it seemed possible to do so while there i would have fought my bill since my dinner portion of my meal was inedible !	inedible meal	PAIR
to be completely fair , the only redeeming factor was the food , which was above average , but could n ' t make up for all the other deficiencies of teodora .	deficiencies food	UNPAIR
i ca n ' t wait for summer , when they serve outside on their gigantic patio .	gigantic wait	UNPAIR
the spicy tuna roll is huge and probably the best that i ' ve had at this price range .	huge price range	UNPAIR
all their menu items are a hit , and they serve mimosas .	hit mimosas	UNPAIR
i am never disappointed with there food .	never disappointed food	PAIR
great selection of sakes .	great selection of sakes	PAIR
food was good and cheap .	cheap food	PAIR
great food !	great food	PAIR
love the scene first off - the place has a character and nice light to it . . very fortunate , location wise .	love place	UNPAIR
best restaurant in the world , great decor , great customer service , friendly manager	friendly decor	UNPAIR
the pad se ew chicken was delicious , however the pad thai was far too oily .	delicious pad thai	UNPAIR
yes , the place is classy and beautiful , but they most certainly target the uber whealthy not the common joe that wants to go all out every once in a while .	most place	UNPAIR
toons has recently been redone , so it ' s now a very attractive space .	attractive space	UNPAIR
the sandwiches are dry , tasteless and way overpriced .	dry way	UNPAIR
i highly recommend the fish tacos , everything else was ok .	ok fish tacos	UNPAIR
faan is sooo good .	good faan	PAIR
i think i ' ve had some the best meals of my life at minnow .	best meals	PAIR
the sashimi was the freshest and most tender i have ever tasted .	freshest sashimi	PAIR
all in all , i would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but i hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future .	beautiful restaurant	PAIR
love al di la	love al di la	PAIR
i have never left a restaurant feeling as if i was abused , and wasted my hard earned money .	hard restaurant	UNPAIR
most importantly , we were so excited about the food after seeing the very creative menu .	creative menu	PAIR
go with some friends , wait the half hour or so with a cup of joe , and enjoy more than your average breakfast .	average friends	UNPAIR
they are not greasy or anything .	not greasy anything	UNPAIR
a perfect place to take out of town guests any time of the year .	perfect time	UNPAIR
i ' ve been to sapphire twice and both times the food was fine , if not good .	fine food	PAIR
the reason there are 4 different results on citysearch for the same place is because they keep trying to start a new thread so they can stock it with positive reviews .	new thread	UNPAIR
surprisingly nothing could be further from the truth .	surprisingly truth	UNPAIR
the flavors robust and subtle .	subtle flavors	UNPAIR
whenever you need a sushi fix , mizu will be there with quality fish and great service .	great service	PAIR
the best thing is , the prices are also quite reasonable .	best thing	UNPAIR
will prob . not return but it is a great dinning experience to try at least once .	least experience	UNPAIR
i am actually offended to have spent so much money on such a bad experience .	bad experience	UNPAIR
the design and atmosphere is just as good .	good atmosphere	PAIR
i recieved prompt service with a smile .	prompt service	PAIR
the food was good .	good food	PAIR
we easily spent more than $ 40 per person ( not including alcohol ) and were still hungry .	more alcohol	UNPAIR
good spreads , great beverage selections and bagels really tasty .	tasty bagels	PAIR
our teenage kids love it , too .	love teenage kids	UNPAIR
the in - house lady dj on saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music , and moreover , takes requests .	good taste nights	UNPAIR
blue ribbon lives up to it ' s fantastic reputation .	fantastic reputation	UNPAIR
most importantly , we were so excited about the food after seeing the very creative menu .	excited menu	UNPAIR
decor is charming .	charming decor	PAIR
lexicographers take note : a new and fascinating definition of rudeness is alive and flourishing right here in brooklyn .	fascinating lexicographers	UNPAIR
this place is great .	great place	PAIR
i was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever .	worst customer service	PAIR
food wise , its ok but a bit pricey for what you get considering the restaurant is n ' t a fancy place .	ok restaurant	UNPAIR
not one of our meals was edible - bland and / or made with weird rosemary or orange flavoring .	weird meals	UNPAIR
also , do n ' t plan on asking for your favorite roll , if it ' s not on the menu , you ca n ' t have it .	favorite menu	UNPAIR
our server was very helpful and friendly .	helpful server	PAIR
if i want to stand in line on sunday for an hour to get average brunch food , then i would put murphy ' s at the top of the list .	average brunch food	PAIR
if you ' re into being lost when you ' re just five feet from your table then hey , that ' s a good thing .	good table	UNPAIR
what a great place .	great place	PAIR
we had half / half pizza , mine was eggplant and my friend had the buffalo and it was sooo huge for a small size pizza !	huge half / half pizza	PAIR
i am happy i did the food was awsome .	awsome food	PAIR
despite a slightly limited menu , everything prepared is done to perfection , ultra fresh and a work of food art .	fresh menu	UNPAIR
the food was not fresh , the sauces were bland and very oily .	bland sauces	PAIR
the specialty here is decadent pancakes , but i ' ve been back now four times , and i ' ve been wowed every time .	decadent times	UNPAIR
amazing spanish mackeral special appetizer and perfect box sushi ( that eel with avodcao - - um um um ) .	amazing box sushi	UNPAIR
the hot dogs are good , yes , but the reason to get over here is the fantastic pork croquette sandwich , perfect on its supermarket squishy bun .	fantastic hot dogs	UNPAIR
for me dishes a little oily , but overall dining experience good .	good dishes	UNPAIR
for the finicky sushi eater and those who have sampled the best nyc has to offer , the fish is the freshest and the service is superb .	freshest fish	PAIR
i have to say i have never had a disapointing meal here .	never had a disapointing meal	PAIR
gorgeous place ideal for a romantic dinner	ideal dinner	UNPAIR
while i could have done without the youth who shared the evening with us , our wonderful server and food made the experience a very positive one .	wonderful server	PAIR
i also really enjoy the simplicity of the decor and intimate feeling of a small restaurant .	intimate feeling	PAIR
what may be interesting to most is the worst sevice / attitude comes from the owners of this establishment .	worst establishment	UNPAIR
– i do n ' t understand how i was a stranger to this place for so long . . . the fajita salad , the colorado , the fajitas - everything is delicious .	delicious – i	UNPAIR
it ' s a great little place with tons of potential to be a neighborhood joint if the service were n ' t so impersonal and corporate - like .	great little place	PAIR
suan is a great place that i often take my friends ( classmates ) too .	great friends	UNPAIR
this place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a restaurant , the food .	trendi food	UNPAIR
i have to say that i am pleasantly suprised and i will most likely stop in again if i am in the neighborhood .	likely neighborhood	UNPAIR
great pizza and fantastic service .	great pizza	PAIR
the wait staff is very courteous and accomodating .	courteous wait staff	PAIR
mama mia – i live in the neighborhood and feel lucky to live by such a great pizza place .	great pizza place	PAIR
they have a wide variety of fish and they even list which oceans they come from ; atlantic or pacific .	wide fish	PAIR
rice is too dry , tuna was n ' t so fresh either .	dry rice	PAIR
my wife and i always enjoy the young , not always well trained but nevertheless friendly , staff , all of whom have a story .	enjoy staff	PAIR
the food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back .	mediocre service	UNPAIR
great sushi experience .	great sushi	PAIR
i will be out with friends and all of a sudden i am hungry and i only crave one thing . . . their pizza .	sudden pizza	UNPAIR
terrible service , food ok , pricey	terrible service	PAIR
i had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish ive requested .	dish times	UNPAIR
the best place for a leisure sunday breakfast amidst yachts , then take a stroll through the nearby farmer ' s market .	best place	PAIR
i think that it is absolutely brilliant and well runned business operation .	brilliant business operation	UNPAIR
– this is one of my top lunch spots , huge portions , fast service and amazing margaritas ! !	huge portions	PAIR
i went there with some friends one night to play bingo and watch the sox game and it was a blast !	blast night	UNPAIR
drinks are suberb , and i feel like i am in a third world country when i walk in the door .	suberb world country	UNPAIR
the sushi was excellent and the wait staff was quick .	quick wait staff	PAIR
the atmosphere was great .	great atmosphere	PAIR
truly the mark of an attentive waiter .	attentive mark	UNPAIR
i did not try the caviar but i tried their salmon and crab salad ( they are all good )	good salmon	PAIR
it ' s the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food .	authentic japanese comfort food	PAIR
when we inquired about ports - the waitress listed off several but did not know taste variations or cost .	several waitress	UNPAIR
the pizza is overpriced and soggy .	soggy pizza	PAIR
one of my favorite places in manhattan .	favorite manhattan	UNPAIR
best pastrami i ever had and great portion without being ridiculous .	great pastrami	UNPAIR
i ' ve always found the wait staff and , if you sit at the bar , the cooks very friendly .	friendly cooks	PAIR
it ' s * very * reasonably priced , esp for the quality of the food .	reasonably quality	UNPAIR
i took one bite from the $ 24 salmon , and i have never , in the 17 years i have been going to restaurants tasted salmon as fishy , as dry , and as bland as the one in flatbush farms .	bland restaurants	UNPAIR
the waitress , seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing .	concerned waitress	UNPAIR
they have it all - - great price , food , and service .	great price	UNPAIR
most importantly , food is excellent .	most food	UNPAIR
the restaurant looks out over beautiful green lawns to the hudson river and the statue of liberty .	beautiful statue	UNPAIR
– the food is here is incredible , though the quality is inconsistent during lunch .	inconsistent lunch	PAIR
please be aware that it ' s cash or amex only !	aware please	UNPAIR
my girlfriend , being slightly more aggressive , and having been equally disgusted causing her to throw out the remainder of her barely eaten meal , called back only to be informed that i was probably wrong and that it was most likely an oyster , and that we were also blacklisted from their restaurant .	wrong meal	UNPAIR
service was very good - prompt , attentive and non - intrusive .	attentive service	PAIR
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices .	little place	PAIR
the porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless , so was the seafood tagliatelle .	tasteless porcini mushroom pasta special	PAIR
first it took us a long time to find the place .	first place	UNPAIR
i can highly recommend their various saag and paneer and korma .	recommend paneer	PAIR
great food , amazing service , this place is a class act .	great place	UNPAIR
somehow working the italian charm with constant mille grazie does not constitute proper service .	not constitute proper service	PAIR
if it ' s nice outside , request for a table in the balcony .	nice balcony	PAIR
my wife also ordered a teapot of hot water ( she had a sore throat ) and i guess that since it was only water , it was n ' t a priority for them to actually bring it .	hot priority	UNPAIR
it ' s a tiny place so if you get there before 8pm on a weekend ( thurs ? sun ) you will find it easier to get a table or a seat at the sushi bar .	easier sun	UNPAIR
i do n ' t know why anyone would want to write a great review about this place .	great place	UNPAIR
do n ' t be fooled by crowds of people .	fooled crowds	UNPAIR
food was okay , nothing great .	okay food	PAIR
imagine my happy surprise upon finding that the views are only the third - best thing about ray ' s !	happy views	UNPAIR
big wong gets big ups for a fine establishment .	big ups establishment	UNPAIR
ambience is delightful , service impeccable .	impeccable ambience	UNPAIR
i attended a holiday dinner at the restaurant , and the food was majorly disappointing .	disappointing food	PAIR
poor customer service / poor pizza .	poor pizza	PAIR
whoever the jazz duo was , they were on point .	on point jazz duo	PAIR
authentic taiwanese food that ' s cheap . . . what more could you ask for ?	more taiwanese food	UNPAIR
when i got there i sat up stairs where the atmosphere was cozy & the service was horrible !	cozy service	UNPAIR
cut to the chase - this is amazing !	amazing chase	UNPAIR
i know many people have their favorite types of pizza and pizza places , but mioposto ' s pizza lacks quality and good taste .	favorite pizza	UNPAIR
while their kitchen food is delicious , their sushi is out of this world .	delicious sushi	UNPAIR
with so many poor experiences to be had in the theater district , is truly an excellent find !	excellent find	UNPAIR
when i got there i sat up stairs where the atmosphere was cozy & the service was horrible !	horrible service	PAIR
the portions are huge , so it might be good to order three things to split ( rather than one appetizer and entree per person ) for two people .	huge portions	PAIR
to me it exemplifies soho , cute , artsy , interesting .	cute soho	UNPAIR
it may be a bit packed on weekends , but the vibe is good and it is the best french food you will find in the area .	best french food	PAIR
delicate spices , onions , eggs and a kick - ass roti .	kick - ass eggs	UNPAIR
i got the shellfish and shrimp appetizer and it was alright .	alright shellfish and shrimp appetizer	PAIR
truly the mark of an attentive waiter .	attentive waiter	PAIR
we had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful .	delicious scallops	PAIR
inexpensive , unassuming , great time !	great time	UNPAIR
the pasta penne was pretty extra buttery , creamy which means a big task to diggest . . tasty at first but i would say that i was full with a slice of pizza and 7 to count , penne . . . got a little moody afterwards cause was stuffed . . . lol	buttery creamy	UNPAIR
you can get a completely delish martini in a glass ( that ' s about 2 1 / 2 drinks ) for $ 8 . 50 ( i recommend the vanilla shanty , mmmm ! ) in a great homey setting with great music .	homey setting	PAIR
i have eaten here three times and have found the quality and variety of the fish to be excellent .	excellent times	UNPAIR
short and sweet – seating is great : it ' s romantic , cozy and private .	short seating	PAIR
the bathroom itself is very small with two toilets and only one sink , the girl was staying totally on the way hanging out paper towels from the dispenser .	small paper towels	UNPAIR
great indian food and the service is incredible .	incredible service	PAIR
nice ambience , but highly overrated place .	nice ambience	PAIR
the food was bland oily .	bland oily food	PAIR
their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for .	die for tuna tartar appetizer	PAIR
i love dungeness crabs and at ray ' s you can get them served in about 6 different ways !	love dungeness crabs	PAIR
this is a great place to take out - of - towners , and perfect for watching the sunset .	great place	PAIR
the lamb was tender so full of flavor , the dessert was divine ! !	divine lamb	UNPAIR
one special roll and one regular roll is enough to fill you up , but save room for dessert !	enough special roll	PAIR
its a little out of the way if you do n ' t live in the neighborhood , but definitely worth the trip from wherever you are .	little neighborhood	UNPAIR
the manager came to the table and said we can do what we want , so we paid for what we did enjoy , the drinks and appetizers , and walked out .	enjoy manager	UNPAIR
this is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent .	excellent review	UNPAIR
this is the place to relax and enjoy the finest quality food the industry can offer .	relax food	UNPAIR
the naan was some of the best i ' ve had and i really enjoyed the bhartha , not too tomatoey .	best bhartha	UNPAIR
dessert is a joke . . . dont bother	joke dessert	PAIR
too large for just two people but nothing was left .	too large nothing	UNPAIR
gross food – wow -	gross food	PAIR
the rice to fish ration was also good - - they did n ' t try to overpack the rice .	good try	UNPAIR
i almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and i would hate for it too become to crowded .	great hesititate	UNPAIR
i found the food to be outstanding , particulary the salmon dish i had .	particulary salmon dish	UNPAIR
the food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates .	delicious food	PAIR
yes , the place is classy and beautiful , but they most certainly target the uber whealthy not the common joe that wants to go all out every once in a while .	classy place	PAIR
those rolls were big , but not good and sashimi was n ' t fresh .	big rolls	PAIR
it ' s a rather cramped and busy restaurant and it closes early .	cramped restaurant	PAIR
the food is authentic italian - delicious !	italian food	UNPAIR
good food	good food	PAIR
well i guess it ' s hard to be seated when one is invisible to the staff .	invisible staff	UNPAIR
it ’ s just you and your date and an occasional cute ‘ excuse me ’ before the waiter opens the little curtain to your booth !	cute waiter	PAIR
considering we were the last patrons there and it was after the closing time , the waitstaff did not rush us at all and made us feel comfortable and relaxed .	comfortable waitstaff	PAIR
i went home & looked them up online again where i discovered there is a link for a give away that does n ' t work so emailed the restaurant about the non existent service & deceptive link .	give restaurant	UNPAIR
i like cafe noir dont get me wrong , it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent ! !	incompetent people	PAIR
just because it ' s cheap does not mean the portions are small or the food is nasty , it is great !	small portions	PAIR
– i will never forget the amazing meal , service , and ambiance i experience at this restaurant .	amazing – i	UNPAIR
finally a reliable chinese restaurant !	reliable chinese restaurant	PAIR
be sure not to get anything other than bagels ! . .	sure anything	UNPAIR
the dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over - - how refreshing !	refreshing dining room	PAIR
they forgot a sandwich , did n ' t include plastic forks , and did n ' t include pita with the hummus platter .	pita sandwich	UNPAIR
i like the ambience , it ' s very dark and original .	original ambience	PAIR
also , they serve the best hummus in america , with a drizzle of fragrant olive oil ( which , i believe is the traditional way ) !	traditional oil	UNPAIR
terrible waste of money . . scammers	scammers money	UNPAIR
there is a downside if you ' re ordering in - - the delivery guys have major attitude .	major ordering	UNPAIR
in the end our check came to $ 27 for 4 small pancakes , a breakfast burrito , an orange juice and an iced tea ( i had water ) .	small check	UNPAIR
i highly recommend to anyone to give this place a try .	recommend try	UNPAIR
it ' s a little out of our price range for dining there except on special occasions , but we ' ve eaten there 6 times in the last 2 years .	last price range	UNPAIR
but the servers were extremely attentive and very friendly .	attentive servers	PAIR
i thanked my friend who recommended me this restaurant and will certainly recommend it to others .	recommend others	UNPAIR
we had a very hard time getting the waitress ' attention and finally had to get up and go inside to speak to a manager .	hard time	UNPAIR
we ate at this thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods .	unhappy foods	PAIR
i would definitely recommend sea if you like thai cuisine !	like sea	UNPAIR
the catering is out of this world , and raouls chicken vegetable soup rocks my world ! ! !	out of this world catering	PAIR
dessert : pure disaster .	disaster dessert	PAIR
as bfc does n ' t take reservations you almost always have to wait by the bar - and be abused by the front of house staff until you are seated , which can be over an hour later !	abused front of house staff	PAIR
– schooner or later ' s charming location along the marina in long beach and average food does not , unfortunately , compensate for its very poor customer service .	poor food	UNPAIR
planet thailand has always been a hit with me , i go there usually for the sushi , which is great , the thai food is excellent too .	hit sushi	UNPAIR
good food , great service , average prices ( for the strip )	good service	UNPAIR
the ambiance of the restaurant was nice and good for fine dinning .	good dinning	UNPAIR
i was there for brunch recently , and we were tag teamed by a waitress and a waiter .	teamed brunch	UNPAIR
what may be interesting to most is the worst sevice / attitude comes from the owners of this establishment .	worst attitude	UNPAIR
bagels are ok , but be sure not to make any special requests !	sure requests	UNPAIR
i was n ' t here for the pizza so i ca n ' t comment on that yet but what i had was very good .	good pizza	UNPAIR
anybody who likes this place must be from a different planet , where greasy , dry and tasteless are complimentary .	different planet	UNPAIR
the service ranges from mediocre to offensive .	mediocre service	PAIR
the food is great and reasonably priced .	great food	PAIR
this place is so much fun .	much place	UNPAIR
this is the perfect spot for meeting friends , having lunch , dinner , pre - theatre or after - theatre drinks !	perfect dinner	UNPAIR
the lunch buffet is expensive but is deff worth it .	deff lunch buffet	UNPAIR
so about the prawns , they were fresh and had a slight crispiness about the batter . . . soooo good . . . the walnuts were cut in smaller pieces and very crunchy and tasty .	crunchy prawns	UNPAIR
furthermore , the rice had no seasoning , so the sushi was bland and disgusting .	disgusting rice	UNPAIR
here the hot dog is elevated to the level of a real entree with numerous variations available .	elevated level	UNPAIR
my friend enjoyed the grilled alaskan king salmon with delectable creamed washington russet potatoes and crisp green beans .	delectable creamed washington russet potatoes	PAIR
they were dry and disgusting , i did n ' t even finish my first piece .	disgusting piece	UNPAIR
the chicken lollipop is my favorite , most of the dishes ( i have to agree with a previous reviewer ) are quite oily and very spicy , espeically the chilli chicken .	spicy chilli chicken	PAIR
the fish was adequate , but inexpertly sliced .	adequate fish	PAIR
i noticed alot of indian people eatting there which is a great sign for an indian place !	great indian place	PAIR
paul , the maitre d ' , was totally professional and always on top of things .	professional things	UNPAIR
i asked for a menu and the same waitress looked at my like i was insane .	same menu	UNPAIR
the chicken lollipop is my favorite , most of the dishes ( i have to agree with a previous reviewer ) are quite oily and very spicy , espeically the chilli chicken .	oily chilli chicken	PAIR
never had one single problem there .	single problem	UNPAIR
there was a really nice vibe about the place . . . good music , atmosphere and happy looking people .	nice music	UNPAIR
do n ' t miss bloom ' s on your next trip to manhatten .	n ' t miss bloom ' s	PAIR
nice atmosphere , the service was very pleasant and the desert was good .	pleasant service	PAIR
a coworker and i tried pacifico after work a few fridays and loved it .	few fridays	UNPAIR
if you can , come to this place by boat and make it a whole evening .	whole place	UNPAIR
the open sesame combo plate is a bargain for the heap of food given .	bargain open sesame combo plate	PAIR
pizza is terrific , as is homemade pasta .	terrific pasta	UNPAIR
surprisingly nothing could be further from the truth .	surprisingly nothing	UNPAIR
this quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my manhattan restaurant list .	quaint manhattan restaurant list	UNPAIR
i really loved the different and inovated touch that ' s the cheff gives to the food .	loved cheff	PAIR
the wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal .	extensive wine list	PAIR
i complained to the manager , but he was not even apologetic .	not even apologetic manager	PAIR
the rest of the dim sum , though pricey by chinatown standards , is worth it .	worth dim sum	PAIR
we ordered a selection of the small plates , and the shoe string onions , goat cheese pizza , grilled asparagus and fried brie with fruit were all very good .	good plates	UNPAIR
it ' s the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food .	authentic place	UNPAIR
my husband said he could ' ve eaten several more , the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had .	best portion	UNPAIR
the appetizers we ordered were served quickly - an order of fried oysters and clams were delicious but a tiny portion ( maybe 3 of each ) .	delicious fried oysters and clams	PAIR
she was very helpful in suggesting us drinks and helped us in ordering a lot of good dishes since we knew nothing about indian food .	good dishes	PAIR
great food , great prices , great service .	great food	PAIR
i ' ve been to this restaurant over a dozen times with no complaints to date .	no complaints restaurant	PAIR
love this place , every time we are in the city this is one of the places we always go .	love city	UNPAIR
my boyfriend and i went there to celebrate my birthday the other night and all i can say is that it was magnificent .	other birthday	UNPAIR
i have eaten at saul , many times , the food is always consistently , outrageously good .	outrageously good food	PAIR
the atmosphere is unheralded , the service impecible , and the food magnificant .	impecible service	PAIR
i like the somosas , chai , and the chole , but the dhosas and dhal were kinda disappointing .	like chole	PAIR
while this diner had reasonably good food , the restaurant staff seemed completely indifferent to our presence , and this attitude was reflected in the lack of service .	good food	PAIR
if you ' re into being lost when you ' re just five feet from your table then hey , that ' s a good thing .	good thing	UNPAIR
service was prompt and courteous .	prompt service	PAIR
this restaurant is vegetarian ; there are no meat dishes whatsoever .	vegetarian restaurant	UNPAIR
if you go , try the marinara / arrabiatta sauce , the mozzarella en carozza is mmmmmmmm . . . . . everything is just delicious .	delicious everything	UNPAIR
winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you .	best staff	PAIR
warm and friendly in the winter and terrific outdoor seating in the warmer months .	friendly outdoor seating	UNPAIR
the price is reasonable although the service is poor .	reasonable service	UNPAIR
i ca n ' t remember the last time i had such gross food in new york .	last time i	UNPAIR
if i needed to name some they would include the location to the beach or golden gate park .	golden gate park	UNPAIR
thius is a must for anyone who loves shabu - shabu .	loves shabu - shabu	PAIR
problem is nothing at prune is particularly memorable .	memorable nothing	UNPAIR
took my mom for mother ' s day , and the maitre d ' was pretty rude .	rude maitre d '	PAIR
the food is a diamond in rough - - the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes .	diamond food	PAIR
the nicest waiters in town .	nicest town	UNPAIR
the pizza ' s are light and scrumptious .	light pizza ' s	PAIR
i highly recommend cafe st . bart ' s for their food , the ambience and wonderful service .	recommend service	UNPAIR
if it ' s nice outside , request for a table in the balcony .	nice outside	UNPAIR
our visit their to say the least , was an unpleasant and costly experience !	unpleasant experience	UNPAIR
great value sushi with high quality & nice setting .	great sushi	PAIR
the brocollis were so fresh and tasty .	tasty brocollis	PAIR
the food is amazing , rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza .	fresh pizza	PAIR
this establishment really made a marked decline after ( and this is recurring story ) the airing of food televisions ` ` diners , drive - ins , and dives ' ' hosted by guy fieri , in which schooner or later was subject of .	drive diners	UNPAIR
the scallops are apparently cooked in a black olive butter which really makes them unique ( not to mention tasty ) .	unique scallops	PAIR
chintzy portions	chintzy portions	PAIR
the only thing the waiters do n ' t do for you is wipe your chin when you leave .	only thing	UNPAIR
imagine my happy surprise upon finding that the views are only the third - best thing about ray ' s !	happy ray ' s	PAIR
great wine selection , gigondas is worth the price , and the house champagne is a great value .	great house champagne	UNPAIR
a restaurant that does n ' t try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere .	great atmosphere	UNPAIR
the ambiance of the restaurant was nice and good for fine dinning .	good ambiance	PAIR
rao is a good restaurant , but it ' s nothing special .	good restaurant	UNPAIR
a cool bar with great food , and tons of excellent beer .	great bar	UNPAIR
terrible service , food ok , pricey	ok food	PAIR
wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the uws !	best wait staff	UNPAIR
they are extremely rude , not even apologizing for the horrible service we got and handing us a bill well over $ 500 for some drinks adn their pita bread !	rude drinks	UNPAIR
also love their caeser salad .	love caeser salad	PAIR
they pay such detail to everything from miso soup to complex rolls .	complex miso soup	UNPAIR
the blond wood decor is very soothing , the premium sake is excellent and the service is great .	excellent premium sake	PAIR
the food was good , the place was clean and affordable .	good food	PAIR
the bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines .	interesting wines	UNPAIR
the ambiance of the restaurant was nice and good for fine dinning .	nice ambiance	PAIR
went here last night - nice decor , good service , but the food was surprisingly excellent .	nice service	UNPAIR
– best mexican place for lunch in the financial district .	best district	UNPAIR
i have worked in restaurants and cook a lot , and there is no way a maggot should be able to get into well prepared food .	well prepared lot	UNPAIR
i highly recommend cafe st . bart ' s for their food , the ambience and wonderful service .	recommend ambience	PAIR
the service is excellent , the decor is great , and the food is delicious and comes in large portions .	large decor	UNPAIR
the food is so cheap and the waiters are nice .	nice waiters	PAIR
service not the friendliest to our ` ` large party ' ' !	not the friendliest party	UNPAIR
this is sad for what once was one of the best places you could ever eat .	sad places	UNPAIR
the band was very good and the service was attentive .	attentive service	PAIR
imagine my happy surprise upon finding that the views are only the third - best thing about ray ' s !	third - best views	PAIR
if it seemed possible to do so while there i would have fought my bill since my dinner portion of my meal was inedible !	inedible bill	UNPAIR
the three of us standing in front of her should have been an indication of how many of us there were .	many front	UNPAIR
it was really good pizza .	good pizza	PAIR
server made several sake suggestions which were very good .	good server	PAIR
it gets really busy , so get there on the early side so you can grab a seat , if you do have to wait , its not bad because the service is quick !	quick service	PAIR
i guarantee you wo n ' t be disappointed , there ' s also valet parking .	n ' t be disappointed parking	UNPAIR
the wine list was extensive - though the staff did not seem knowledgeable about wine pairings .	not seem knowledgeable wine list	UNPAIR
all their menu items are a hit , and they serve mimosas .	hit menu items	PAIR
with the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering , the food here was decent , not great .	exception lemon salad	PAIR
food is excellent .	excellent food	PAIR
the lobster sandwich is $ 24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price .	good price	UNPAIR
my mom originally introduced me to this place , but even she ( being indian ) feels the food can be somewhat over the top spicy and far too oily .	spicy place	UNPAIR
the restaurant has a family feel , not least with regard to the portions which are enormous ; the veal alone could have single - handedly solved third world famine .	family feel restaurant	PAIR
good experience	good experience	UNPAIR
the only thing i moderately enjoyed was their grilled chicken special with edamame puree .	enjoyed thing i	UNPAIR
if you ' re daring , try the balsamic vinegar over icecream , it ' s wonderful !	try daring	UNPAIR
i ' ll being with a couple of positives : cool decor , good pita and hummus , and grilled octopus that was actually pretty tasty .	cool decor	PAIR
nice atmosphere , the service was very pleasant and the desert was good .	nice atmosphere	PAIR
oh , and the cheese fries are awesome !	awesome cheese fries	PAIR
if you are looking for a good quality , cheap eats - this is the place .	good quality eats	PAIR
just straight up cheap , good food .	good food	PAIR
warning : you may find it difficult to dine at other japanese restaurants after a visit to mizu !	japanese warning	UNPAIR
the sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned .	fresh sushi	PAIR
the food was very good , filet mignon was probably the best i ' ve ever try .	best filet mignon	PAIR
amazing fresh dogs but best of all endless toppings ! ! !	amazing dogs	PAIR
the pizza ' s are thin crust and the menu offers very creative combinations and toppings .	creative menu	PAIR
if we were to move from the upper east side , we would genuinely miss this restaurant .	miss side	UNPAIR
the seafood is amazing , there ' s a good wine list , and the ever - changing menu always offers some great surprises .	amazing seafood	PAIR
the crust has a great bite and a good chew , the sauce is light with a nice acidity to it , the salt from the cheese is great , really heightens the flavor of all the other components .	great sauce	UNPAIR
i do n ' t usually visit the same establishment more than once , what more twice , but i ' ll come to zenkichi anytime for a quiet , unhurried and memorable dinner .	same zenkichi	UNPAIR
we recently decided to try this location , and to our delight , they have outdoor seating , perfect since i had my yorkie with me .	perfect outdoor seating	PAIR
the food is amazing . . . especially if you get the chef ' s tasting menu and your favourite bottle ( or two ! ) of wine from an extensive selection of wines .	amazing food	PAIR
the staff are friendly and the decor was ethic and colorful .	colorful staff	UNPAIR
good for late night dining ( last minute planning ) without reservations .	last minute planning	UNPAIR
– in a age of incremental cost cutting in restaurants , its nice to see a place that bucks that trend , and just plain delivers high quality food and good service , period .	good service	PAIR
food was ok .	ok food	PAIR
the wine list is wonderful and the food reminds me of my recent trip to italy .	wonderful food	UNPAIR
the food was amazing , and the service was prompt and helpful , but not over - bearing or rushed .	or service	PAIR
if the weather is nice , try to snag an outside table .	nice outside table	UNPAIR
servers are all different , greg is my favorite .	favorite greg	PAIR
the restaurant is cute but not upscale .	cute restaurant	PAIR
the caesar salad i ordered had so much lemon i could n ' t eat it .	much eat	UNPAIR
kind of a small place but i guess if they are not too busy might be able to fit a group or kids .	able kids	UNPAIR
this is by far my favorite place in the neighborhood .	favorite place	PAIR
haru on park s is simply disgusting .	disgusting haru on park s	PAIR
the service was the only thing good about this restaurant .	good restaurant	UNPAIR
the appetizer was interesting , but the creme brulee was very savory and delicious .	interesting creme brulee	UNPAIR
that ' s a huge compliment , especially in the fickled restaurant business , . . . enough already !	compliment restaurant business	UNPAIR
winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you .	best winnie	PAIR
our waiter was non - existent and after our food finally arrived over an hour after we ordered , we were not given any water or utensils .	non - existent food	UNPAIR
service was prompt and courteous .	courteous service	PAIR
the sangria was pretty tasty and good on a hot muggy day .	tasty day	UNPAIR
the presentation of the food was an added bonus , it looked just as great as it tasted !	bonus food	PAIR
their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic .	delicious pad penang	PAIR
the space is limited so be prepared to wait up to 45 minutes - 1 hour , but be richly rewarded when you savor the delicious indo - chinese food .	delicious indo - chinese food	PAIR
best sushi in town .	best town	UNPAIR
do n ' t be fooled by crowds of people .	fooled people	UNPAIR
amazing fresh dogs but best of all endless toppings ! ! !	fresh toppings	UNPAIR
good for late night dining ( last minute planning ) without reservations .	good minute planning	UNPAIR
i can eat here every day of the week really lol love this place . . . )	love place	PAIR
just because it ' s cheap does not mean the portions are small or the food is nasty , it is great !	nasty food	PAIR
the real problem i had with this place was the complete lack of service .	lack of place	UNPAIR
worth the trip from manhattan .	worth manhattan	UNPAIR
service is not exactly five star , but thats not really a big deal .	not exactly five star service	PAIR
yamato is an excellent place to go if youre not into sashimi , or if you have friends who doesnt like sushi much .	excellent youre	UNPAIR
the food is very average . . . the thai fusion stuff is a bit too sweet , every thing they serve is too sweet here .	average food	PAIR
they serve it in a tall , skinny hour - glass shaped glass to disguise the fact that you a getting a small juice at the price of a half gallon in a supermarket .	small price	UNPAIR
drawbacks : service is slow and they do n ' t toast !	slow toast	UNPAIR
looking around , i saw a room full of new yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant , not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen .	real meal	PAIR
you are with a hot date and he / she has an urge for sushi . . . then this might be the place .	hot sushi	UNPAIR
this is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates .	good place	UNPAIR
the shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful .	excellent antipasti	UNPAIR
the freshest , best variety , and the fastest delivery .	freshest delivery	UNPAIR
after sitting there with my empty glass for over 20 minutes i left .	empty glass	UNPAIR
our family never expected such incredible entertainment in a restaurant .	incredible entertainment	PAIR
– my first time to dine at this restaurant was with my son and it was absolutely horrible !	first time	UNPAIR
the service is good and the resturant is clean .	good service	PAIR
the frizzy retro girl ( with winged / dame edna glasses ) will yell at you if you try to order a drink .	frizzy girl	PAIR
the band was very good and the service was attentive .	good service	UNPAIR
when my dessert came , there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift , and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort .	special occassion	UNPAIR
i ' m a friendly person , so i would n ' t mind had she not been so nasty and gotten so personal .	nasty t mind	UNPAIR
if you are the type of person who likes being scared and entertained , this is a great place to go and eat .	great place	PAIR
to be completely fair , the only redeeming factor was the food , which was above average , but could n ' t make up for all the other deficiencies of teodora .	above average teodora	UNPAIR
we did n ' t want a bottle of bubbly on a weekday so we each got little bottles of korbett it was just enough .	little weekday	UNPAIR
quick and friendly service .	friendly service	PAIR
what really makes it shine is the food , which is aggressively seasoned with cyrpriot spices , and all made in - house ( even the gyro meat and sausages ) , and made of much higher quality ingredients that might otherwise be expected .	higher quality ingredients	PAIR
ambience is so cute and quaint , good for business although we were there on vacation .	good ambience	UNPAIR
still i would recommend this place .	recommend place	PAIR
my party of two was feeling particularly ambitious , and we splurged on the shilshole sampler . . . a beautiful assortment of enormous white gulf prawns , smoked albacore tuna , ray ' s fantastic manila clams seasoned with dill , scallops in a tasty soy dressing , and a tiny pile of dungeness crab atop a sublime butter sauce .	fantastic manila clams	PAIR
not alot of smoking places left in new york , but i have found my favorite smoking balconey in the city .	new places	UNPAIR
the four seasons restaurant is a great experience .	great experience	UNPAIR
this place is always packed .	packed place	PAIR
drinks are suberb , and i feel like i am in a third world country when i walk in the door .	suberb drinks	PAIR
the real problem i had with this place was the complete lack of service .	real place	UNPAIR
as a japanese native , i ' ve lived in the tristate area for over 8 years , but i was just so amazed at this place .	native years	UNPAIR
one special roll and one regular roll is enough to fill you up , but save room for dessert !	save room regular roll	UNPAIR
any further needs we may have had could not have been met since no one stopped by the table .	further one	UNPAIR
the only thing that my friend left out is that when we sat down at the bar the bartender disappeared .	disappeared bar	UNPAIR
avoid the place	avoid place	PAIR
nice food but no spice !	nice food	PAIR
what really makes it shine is the food , which is aggressively seasoned with cyrpriot spices , and all made in - house ( even the gyro meat and sausages ) , and made of much higher quality ingredients that might otherwise be expected .	shine gyro meat	UNPAIR
the food was not fresh , the sauces were bland and very oily .	not fresh sauces	UNPAIR
authentic taiwanese food that ' s cheap . . . what more could you ask for ?	cheap taiwanese food	PAIR
i was n ' t thrilled to have to wait on line for thirty minutes , but i guess that ' s the price you pay for a popular place .	popular guess	UNPAIR
the food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes .	average or above dishes	UNPAIR
the hot dogs are top notch , and they ' re slamwich is amazing !	amazing slamwich	PAIR
this place is worth an one - hour drive .	worth place	PAIR
in an area sadly lacking in decent thai food , this is one of the best spots .	decent area	UNPAIR
the dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over - - how refreshing !	elegant dining room	PAIR
this is a wonderful place on all stand points especially value ofr money .	wonderful points	UNPAIR
the food now is inconsistent .	inconsistent food	PAIR
the food is outstanding and the service is quick , friendly and very professional .	outstanding food	PAIR
this place is not inviting and the food is totally weird .	weird food	PAIR
oh , and i never write reviews - - i just was so moved by how bad this place was , i felt it was my duty to spread the word .	write duty	UNPAIR
traditional french decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation .	noisy hall	PAIR
the service is fantastic at this fun place .	fun service	UNPAIR
the chicken curry and chicken tikka masala are my favorite meat dishes .	favorite chicken curry	PAIR
authentic taiwanese food that ' s cheap . . . what more could you ask for ?	authentic taiwanese food	PAIR
once you step into cosette , you ' re miraculously in a small , off - the - beaten path parisian bistro .	off - the - beaten path	UNPAIR
if we were to move from the upper east side , we would genuinely miss this restaurant .	miss restaurant	PAIR
one special roll and one regular roll is enough to fill you up , but save room for dessert !	enough dessert	UNPAIR
i had a taste of all three items on her plate , and they were superb .	superb items	UNPAIR
i like the somosas , chai , and the chole , but the dhosas and dhal were kinda disappointing .	disappointing somosas	UNPAIR
overall the food quality was pretty good , though i hear the salmon is much better when it has n ' t sat cooling in front of the guest .	good guest	UNPAIR
going to bark is always worth the train ride , and will make your tongue and belly very happy !	worth bark	PAIR
nice view of river and nyc .	nice view of river and nyc	PAIR
the sauce tasted more like chinese fast food than decent korean .	chinese food	UNPAIR
our server continued to be attentive throughout the night , but i did remain puzzled by one issue : who thinks that ray ' s is an appropriate place to take young children for dinner ?	attentive server	PAIR
the only things u could really taste are the very salty soy sauce ( even its low sodium ) , the vinegar - soaked rice , and the scallion on top of the fish .	salty rice	UNPAIR
stepping into casa la femme last night was a true experience unlike any other in new york !	other night	UNPAIR
– it is sad to see a place that was once ` ` the ' ' place to meet and eat for bfast or lunch , now be the place that is a big ` ` dont bother . ' '	big lunch	UNPAIR
had many dishes but the best was the lobster 3 ways .	many lobster 3 ways	UNPAIR
while finishing our meals which included a high - end bottle of wine , our son ' s fiance joined us for a glass of wine and dessert .	high - end bottle of wine	PAIR
when we inquired about ports - the waitress listed off several but did not know taste variations or cost .	several ports	UNPAIR
the restaurant has a family feel , not least with regard to the portions which are enormous ; the veal alone could have single - handedly solved third world famine .	family feel veal	UNPAIR
furthermore , while the fish is unquestionably fresh , rolls tend to be inexplicably bland .	bland rolls	PAIR
again , no apology , no is there anything else i can get you , no can i get you a drink to make up for it , nothing ! ! ! !	nothing drink	UNPAIR
whenever you need a sushi fix , mizu will be there with quality fish and great service .	quality fish	PAIR
our server was very professional and friendly .	professional server	PAIR
i absolutely love this place ! ! !	love place	PAIR
it ' s boring on the inside , and our sushi was pretty below average . . . the tuna was soggy and the other rolls had no flavor .	soggy rolls	UNPAIR
the entire staff was extremely accomodating and tended to my every need .	accomodating staff	PAIR
the svc can be a bit rude at times , esp if you have big group , but overall the restaurant is a must !	must restaurant	PAIR
the decor is vibrant and eye - pleasing with several semi - private boths on the right side of the dining hall , which are great for a date .	vibrant semi - private boths	UNPAIR
paul , the maitre d ' , was totally professional and always on top of things .	professional paul	PAIR
the pesto pizza was excellent , thin - crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy italian cheese that i ' d never heard of before .	nice pesto pizza	UNPAIR
the frizzy retro girl ( with winged / dame edna glasses ) will yell at you if you try to order a drink .	frizzy order	UNPAIR
after dinner the manager grabbed my boyfriend , asked him : where are you from . . . maybe you dont know how things work in america . . . and in the end stormed away almost teareyed yelling that tips are the only thing they survive on .	teareyed end	UNPAIR
a little noise but i think that was because of our party !	little noise	UNPAIR
the combination of super - fresh ingredients in the dishes are unusual but really delicious .	delicious ingredients	PAIR
great vibe , lots of people .	great lots	UNPAIR
– the food was not great & the waiters were rude .	not great waiters	UNPAIR
i ' ve been to this restaurant over a dozen times with no complaints to date .	no complaints date	UNPAIR
i ' ve been to at cafe spice probably 5 - 8 times , it is probably still the best indian restaurant around union square .	indian restaurant	UNPAIR
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices .	little interior decor	UNPAIR
everytime i decide to try another place on the ues , i get angry that i did n ' t just go to zucchero pomodori .	angry place	UNPAIR
the food was great and tasty , but the sitting space was too small , i do n ' t like being cramp in a corner .	tasty food	PAIR
i have been doing all of the above at the heartland brewery for over 5 years now and i have never been disappointed !	never been disappointed heartland brewery	PAIR
slightly above average wines start at $ 70 + with only one selection listed at $ 30 + .	above average selection	UNPAIR
kind of a small place but i guess if they are not too busy might be able to fit a group or kids .	able group	UNPAIR
leave room for dessert .	leave room	UNPAIR
the steak tartare is a great bet , they fix it for you at the table .	great bet	UNPAIR
the staff offers impeccable service .	impeccable service	UNPAIR
bring your cell phone cause you may have to wait to get into the best sushi restaurant in the world : blue ribbon sushi .	best cell phone cause	UNPAIR
this is the best sushi in new york city - hands down .	new york city	UNPAIR
the place ' s decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh .	good laugh place	UNPAIR
i was frankly shocked when i read the bad reviews - this place is fantastic ; it has not let us down in any way , and we ' ve eaten here more than 10 times .	more way	UNPAIR
try the pizza ensalata !	try pizza ensalata	PAIR
not much of a selection of bottled beer either , we went with brahma .	not much selection of bottled beer	PAIR
the entree was bland and small , dessert was not inspired .	small dessert	UNPAIR
i happen to have a policy that goes along with a little bit of self - respect , which includes not letting a waiter intimidate me , i . e . make me feel bad asking for trivialities like water , or the check .	bad waiter	PAIR
the place was quiet and delightful .	delightful place	PAIR
i ended the meal with the unusual dessert of a port and chocolate tasting . . . . yummy !	yummy meal	UNPAIR
i never write on these sites but this restaurant is def worth commending !	worth sites	UNPAIR
this is one of my favorite restaurants and it is not to be missed .	favorite restaurants	UNPAIR
the design of the space is good .	good space	PAIR
best restaurant in the world , great decor , great customer service , friendly manager	friendly customer service	UNPAIR
but after last night , spice grill is the only place i ' m eating indian cuisine .	only night	UNPAIR
i ca n ' t wait for summer , when they serve outside on their gigantic patio .	gigantic summer	UNPAIR
but the best pork souvlaki i ever had is the main thing .	main pork souvlaki	UNPAIR
the pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap , frozen , shredded cheese common to most pizzaria ' s .	delicious mozzarella	UNPAIR
although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat .	relaxing place	PAIR
the last time i walked by it looked pretty empty . hmmm .	empty hmmm	UNPAIR
my boyfriend and i went there to celebrate my birthday the other night and all i can say is that it was magnificent .	magnificent boyfriend	UNPAIR
the lemon chicken tasted like sticky sweet donuts and the honey walnut prawns , the few they actually give you . . . . . were not good .	sticky sweet lemon chicken	PAIR
we went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a saturday , and i was thoroughly impressed with the food .	impressed saturday	UNPAIR
at first we were a little taken aback , as this seemed to present a problem , although the restaurant looked fairly empty , but they hastily put the table together for us .	first problem	UNPAIR
sushi experience was unbelievable with my fiance .	unbelievable sushi	PAIR
i like cafe noir dont get me wrong , it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent ! !	evil people	PAIR
moderate prices .	moderate prices	UNPAIR
good food !	good food	PAIR
delicious bagels , especially when right out of the oven .	delicious oven	UNPAIR
good , fast service .	fast service	PAIR
i was speechless by the horrible food .	horrible food	PAIR
the presentation of snooze is excellent and it is one of those places that you feel more sophisticated just for being there ; but peel back the layers and you have an overpriced ihop with a high brow menu .	high brow menu	PAIR
over all the looks of the place exceeds the actual meals .	exceeds looks	PAIR
the food is wonderful , tasty and filling , and the service is professional and friendly .	wonderful food	PAIR
the staff has been nice , but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often .	stressed unisex bathroom	UNPAIR
i ' ve had the jellyfish , horse mackerel , blue fin tuna and the sake ikura roll among others , and they were all good .	good horse mackerel	PAIR
their specialty rolls are impressive , though i ca n ' t remember what we had .	impressive specialty rolls	PAIR
( the asparagus , truffle oil , parmesan bruschetta is a winner ! )	winner truffle oil	PAIR
we ordered a selection of the small plates , and the shoe string onions , goat cheese pizza , grilled asparagus and fried brie with fruit were all very good .	good goat cheese pizza	PAIR
i ' d be horrified if my staff were turning away customers so early and so rudely !	horrified staff	PAIR
the food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you do n ' t like .	greatest prixe fixe tasting menu	PAIR
the food was great , the margaritas too but the waitress was too busy being nice to her other larger party than to take better care of my friend and me .	great margaritas	PAIR
the chicken lollipop is my favorite , most of the dishes ( i have to agree with a previous reviewer ) are quite oily and very spicy , espeically the chilli chicken .	favorite dishes	UNPAIR
all in all , i would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but i hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future .	beautiful staff	UNPAIR
ambiance - relaxed and stylish .	relaxed ambiance	PAIR
we ordered a selection of the small plates , and the shoe string onions , goat cheese pizza , grilled asparagus and fried brie with fruit were all very good .	small grilled asparagus	UNPAIR
the sushi is as fresh as it comes ? you ' d think ocean was in their backyard , no joke !	fresh sushi	PAIR
mermaid inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood .	good restaurant	UNPAIR
bring your cell phone cause you may have to wait to get into the best sushi restaurant in the world : blue ribbon sushi .	best blue ribbon sushi	PAIR
whether it ' s the parmesean porcini souffle or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar , you will surely be transported to northern italy with one bite .	northern lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar	UNPAIR
the food was well prepared and the service impecable .	impecable service	PAIR
the entree was bland and small , dessert was not inspired .	bland entree	PAIR
although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat .	good place	UNPAIR
while it is understandable that every place is indeed different , there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude .	downright place	UNPAIR
the food is simply unforgettable !	unforgettable food	PAIR
saul is the best restaurant on smith street and in brooklyn .	best saul	PAIR
always good drinks and service is pretty good ;	good drinks	PAIR
salads are a delicious way to begin the meal .	delicious salads	PAIR
and they give good quantity for the price .	good quantity	UNPAIR
great pizza , poor service	great pizza	PAIR
overall the food quality was pretty good , though i hear the salmon is much better when it has n ' t sat cooling in front of the guest .	overall front	UNPAIR
great value sushi with high quality & nice setting .	nice sushi	UNPAIR
it ' s a great place to people watch .	great place	PAIR
the atmosphere is relaxed and casual .	relaxed atmosphere	PAIR
endless fun , awesome music , great staff ! ! !	fun staff	UNPAIR
the drinks are always well made and wine selection is fairly priced .	fairly priced wine selection	PAIR
the staff was the friendliest that have seen in new york .	new york	UNPAIR
i had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish ive requested .	dish ive	UNPAIR
all the various greek and cypriot dishes are excellent , but the gyro is the reason to come - - if you do n ' t eat one your trip was wasted .	excellent greek and cypriot dishes	PAIR
this is a great place to take out - of - towners , and perfect for watching the sunset .	great towners	UNPAIR
the pizza ' s are not huge and the crust is thin … keep that in mind when you ’ re ordering .	not huge pizza ' s	PAIR
this is one of my favorite spot , very relaxing the food is great all the times , celebrated my engagement and my wedding here , it was very well organized .	great food	PAIR
the food is a diamond in rough - - the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes .	perfect is	UNPAIR
my g / f and i both agreed the food was very mediocre especially considering the price .	mediocre price	UNPAIR
watch the talented belly dancers as you enjoy delicious baba ganoush that ' s more lemony than smoky .	talented baba ganoush	UNPAIR
i had fish and my husband had the filet - both of which exceeded our expectations .	exceeded our expectations filet	PAIR
the food was ok , but the service was so poor that the food was cold buy the time everyone in my party was served .	poor food	UNPAIR
i had yummy lamb korma , saag paneer , samosas , naan , etc .	yummy naan	PAIR
the service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing .	good date	UNPAIR
mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else .	creative rolls	PAIR
have never had a problem with service save a missing rice once .	missing rice	UNPAIR
excellent atmosphere , delicious dishes good and friendly service .	delicious atmosphere	UNPAIR
the service is good and the resturant is clean .	good resturant	UNPAIR
it looked like shredded cheese partly done - still in strips .	shredded strips	UNPAIR
the pizza ' s are not huge and the crust is thin … keep that in mind when you ’ re ordering .	not huge crust	UNPAIR
excellent atmosphere , delicious dishes good and friendly service .	delicious dishes	PAIR
– i loved the pumpkin ravioli and the goat cheese gnocchi ( 5 big ones to a plate instead of 20 or so little gnocchis ) and my sister loved her filet mignon on top of spinach and mashed potatoes .	big filet mignon on top of spinach and mashed potatoes	UNPAIR
the duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world .	amazing foie gras terrine with figs	UNPAIR
we were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date .	red wine	UNPAIR
this place , which is only a few months old , is perhaps queens ' biggest secret !	biggest place	UNPAIR
we ate out in the back patio , which is worth it as it ' s cool and the music is hear well there .	well back patio	UNPAIR
i got the $ 10 10 - piece dim sum combo , every bite of which was great .	great $ 10 10 - piece dim sum combo	UNPAIR
the food was not fresh , the sauces were bland and very oily .	oily sauces	PAIR
waited 35 minutes for a table for 8 which was ok for such a big crowd .	big minutes	UNPAIR
leon is an east village gem : casual but hip , with well prepared basic french bistro fare , good specials , a warm and lively atmosphere .	warm atmosphere	PAIR
serves really good sushi .	good serves	UNPAIR
we went around 9 : 30 on a friday and it had died down a bit by then so the service was great !	great service	PAIR
prefer to order it and pick it up though because i do n ' t like the servers , one young woman in particular .	n ' t like young woman	PAIR
the owner is belligerent to guests that have a complaint .	belligerent owner	PAIR
i stumbled upon this great pizzeria as i explored my new neighborhood .	great pizzeria	PAIR
the lobster knuckles ( special of the day ) were ok , but pretty tasteless .	special lobster knuckles	UNPAIR
the pancakes should be larger ( at least 8 ' ' ) to justify the expense even with the unique offerings .	larger expense	UNPAIR
i found a new home and just moved with a long lease .	long lease	UNPAIR
the crust was imazingly cooked well and pizza was fully loaded : ) : ) : )	cooked well crust	PAIR
great value sushi with high quality & nice setting .	nice sushi	UNPAIR
yes , they use fancy ingredients , but even fancy ingredients do n ' t make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right .	good crust	UNPAIR
best food , phenominal service	phenominal service	PAIR
but the best pork souvlaki i ever had is the main thing .	best pork souvlaki	PAIR
i am so happy to have a wonderful italian restaurant in my neighborhood .	wonderful neighborhood	UNPAIR
two complaints - - their appetizer selection stinks , it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu .	stinks mozzarella sticks	UNPAIR
i come from a family of pizzeria owners , and i ' m almost ashamed to say that the pizza in fornino ' s blows my families receipies away .	ashamed pizza	PAIR
the food was delicious ( i had a halibut special , my husband had steak ) , and the service was top - notch .	delicious food	PAIR
in an area sadly lacking in decent thai food , this is one of the best spots .	best thai food	UNPAIR
even though the place is not beautiful , the food speaks for itself .	speaks for itself food	PAIR
the veal and the mushrooms were cooked perfectly .	perfectly veal	PAIR
i recommend this place to everyone .	recommend everyone	UNPAIR
the food is yummy , especially their cooked - to - perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries .	cooked - to - perfection food	UNPAIR
the bibimbap was average , but the stone bowl was n ' t even close to sizzling .	n ' t even close to sizzling bibimbap	UNPAIR
i have eaten here three times and have found the quality and variety of the fish to be excellent .	excellent quality	UNPAIR
the sushi was awful !	awful sushi	PAIR
amazing spanish mackeral special appetizer and perfect box sushi ( that eel with avodcao - - um um um ) .	perfect box sushi	PAIR
i was frankly shocked when i read the bad reviews - this place is fantastic ; it has not let us down in any way , and we ' ve eaten here more than 10 times .	bad place	UNPAIR
they are n ' t the most talkative , but everytime i ' ve been there they have been very busy , which probably accounts for the lack of conversation .	busy accounts	UNPAIR
– i loved the pumpkin ravioli and the goat cheese gnocchi ( 5 big ones to a plate instead of 20 or so little gnocchis ) and my sister loved her filet mignon on top of spinach and mashed potatoes .	loved filet mignon on top of spinach and mashed potatoes	PAIR
the place is the next best thing to my moms cooking .	best thing	UNPAIR
nice family owned traditional restaurant .	traditional family	UNPAIR
not too fine thought that you feel uncomfortable and have to dress up .	uncomfortable thought	UNPAIR
i love dungeness crabs and at ray ' s you can get them served in about 6 different ways !	different ways	UNPAIR
a weakness is the chicken in the salads .	weakness chicken in the salads	PAIR
the chicken curry and chicken tikka masala are my favorite meat dishes .	favorite chicken tikka masala	PAIR
– i loved the pumpkin ravioli and the goat cheese gnocchi ( 5 big ones to a plate instead of 20 or so little gnocchis ) and my sister loved her filet mignon on top of spinach and mashed potatoes .	loved goat cheese gnocchi	PAIR
– . . . and the best summertime deck experience - - they will even bring you a blanket if you get cold in the seattle evening weather .	best deck	PAIR
we have been to this place many times , and always have great food , wine , and service .	great wine	PAIR
in the evening , this place attracted a well dressed , with it , ny crowd .	attracted well	UNPAIR
this is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent .	excellent restaurant	UNPAIR
right off the l in brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza .	nice pizza	UNPAIR
the food was excellent as well as service , however , i left the four seasons very dissappointed .	dissappointed the four seasons	PAIR
the nicest waiters in town .	nicest waiters	PAIR
it was the first place we ate on our first trip to new york , and it will be the last place we stop as we head out of town on our next trip to new york .	next trip	UNPAIR
and how many times can you pick up the same perfectly aligned set of napkins , inspect them vapidly and plonk them down in exactly the same place instead of venturing a glance at people who are there to help you make the rent ?	same glance	UNPAIR
the food is good , i ca n ' t lie .	good lie	UNPAIR
$ 20 for all you can eat sushi can not be beaten .	beaten all you can eat sushi	PAIR
we were then charged for their most expensive sake ( $ 20 + per serving ) when we in fact drank a sake of less than half that price .	expensive fact	UNPAIR
it may be a bit packed on weekends , but the vibe is good and it is the best french food you will find in the area .	good vibe	PAIR
the hot dogs are top notch , and they ' re slamwich is amazing !	top notch hot dogs	PAIR
both times i was extremely dissappointed by the service , which was boarderline rude .	dissappointed service	PAIR
– this is my ` ` must bring out of town guests to ' ' restaurant and they always enjoy and rave about it .	rave town guests	UNPAIR
if you want good authentic thai this place is not the place to go .	good place	UNPAIR
the service is awful .	awful service	PAIR
quacamole at pacifico is yummy , as are the wings with chimmichuri .	yummy quacamole	PAIR
the pizza was delivered cold and the cheese was n ' t even fully melted !	was n ' t even fully melted pizza	UNPAIR
planet thailand has always been a hit with me , i go there usually for the sushi , which is great , the thai food is excellent too .	great sushi	PAIR
endless fun , awesome music , great staff ! ! !	great staff	PAIR
the dinner was ok , nothing i would have again .	ok dinner	PAIR
try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call ow ley soh , a delicious and sweet tasting bread .	sweet ow ley soh	PAIR
the chips and salsa are so yummy , and the prices are fabulous .	yummy salsa	PAIR
the music playing was very hip , 20 - 30 something pop music , but the subwoofer to the sound system was located under my seat , which became annoying midway through dinner .	very subwoofer to the sound system	UNPAIR
the hostess is rude to the point of being offensive .	rude hostess	PAIR
the portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter .	different starter	UNPAIR
to top it all off . . the main reason we came to your restaurant was for the belly dancers and missed the first show as we were not seated yet and the 2nd belly dancer only danced at two tables in the back of the restaurant and never made it around to the other half of the restaurant .	other show	UNPAIR
winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you .	best crew	UNPAIR
bad staff	bad staff	PAIR
zero ambiance to boot .	zero ambiance	PAIR
thius is a must for anyone who loves shabu - shabu .	loves anyone	UNPAIR
authentic taiwanese food that ' s cheap . . . what more could you ask for ?	more taiwanese food	UNPAIR
overall , decent food at a good price , with friendly people .	decent people	UNPAIR
i have to highly recommend the lobster roll - not to much mayo ; you can tell it was a fresh lobster .	recommend lobster roll	PAIR
nice ambience , but highly overrated place .	nice place	UNPAIR
i am reluctant to write because i would not want my jem of a pizza place to become overcrowded .	overcrowded pizza place	PAIR
i ' ve always found the wait staff and , if you sit at the bar , the cooks very friendly .	friendly wait staff	PAIR
the spicy tuna roll is huge and probably the best that i ' ve had at this price range .	huge spicy tuna roll	PAIR
the food was amazing , and the service was prompt and helpful , but not over - bearing or rushed .	amazing service	UNPAIR
we shared the family platter and i especially enjoyed the black cod in sake kasu .	enjoyed black cod in sake kasu	PAIR
sometimes i get good food and ok service .	good food	PAIR
the wait staff is pleasant , fun , and for the most part gorgeous ( in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way , not in that she ' s - way - cuter - than - me - that - b @ # $ * way ) .	pleasant wait staff	PAIR
excellent dumplings served amid clean , chic decor .	chic decor	PAIR
i completely recommend casa la femme for any special occasion and to really impress your date .	recommend casa la femme	PAIR
good sake selection .	good sake selection	PAIR
i love their thai	love thai	PAIR
however , once i received my predictably mediocre order of what dokebi thinks passes as korean fair , ( sometimes you have to settle when it ' s your only option ) , i got through about half my kimchee before i found a piece of random lettuce accompanied by a far more disgusting , slimy , clearly bad piece of fish skin .	mediocre korean fair	PAIR
it ' s boring on the inside , and our sushi was pretty below average . . . the tuna was soggy and the other rolls had no flavor .	soggy tuna	PAIR
all in all , the food was great ( except for the dessserts ) .	great food	PAIR
the people that work there are always so friendly you forget you are in new york sometimes .	new people	UNPAIR
the buffet had a nice selection .	nice buffet	PAIR
a little pricey but it really hits the spot on a sunday morning !	sunday morning	UNPAIR
the dj is awesome , i have been there for my birthday and a bunch of other times with friends and i keep going back .	awesome birthday	UNPAIR
it ' s a tiny place so if you get there before 8pm on a weekend ( thurs ? sun ) you will find it easier to get a table or a seat at the sushi bar .	easier weekend	UNPAIR
it looked like shredded cheese partly done - still in strips .	shredded cheese	UNPAIR
great food .	great food	PAIR
we had a very nice time .	nice time	UNPAIR
the decor however seems to be the distraction so you wo n ' t notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 frickin hours to come ! ! ! !	distraction decor	PAIR
go to volare for 1st class service and terrific food .	1st class food	UNPAIR
i have to say that i am pleasantly suprised and i will most likely stop in again if i am in the neighborhood .	pleasantly suprised neighborhood	UNPAIR
this quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my manhattan restaurant list .	romantic trattoria	PAIR
the restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal	noisy restaurant	PAIR
the food was well prepared and the service impecable .	impecable food	UNPAIR
great bagels made the old - fashioned way .	fashioned way	UNPAIR
the service was excellent and the food was delicious .	excellent service	PAIR
food was amazing - i love indian food and eat it quite regularly , but i can say this is one of the best i ' ve had .	indian food	UNPAIR
whenever you need a sushi fix , mizu will be there with quality fish and great service .	quality service	UNPAIR
the food here does a great service to the name ( cantonese that is . . . ) .	cantonese service	UNPAIR
maybe it is good for that one night once in a blue moon when the chefs decide to use fish that ' s half - way decent .	blue night	UNPAIR
i highly recommend this beautiful place .	beautiful place	PAIR
sauce was watery and the food did n ' t have much flavor .	watery sauce	PAIR
it ' s simply the best meal in nyc .	best meal	PAIR
the regular menu here is slightly above average that is not worth the snotty attitude that you receive .	snotty regular menu	UNPAIR
the food is wonderful , tasty and filling , and the service is professional and friendly .	professional service	PAIR
the food is great , the bartenders go that extra mile .	great bartenders	UNPAIR
at best , the food was good and definately overpriced .	best food	UNPAIR
we ordered a selection of the small plates , and the shoe string onions , goat cheese pizza , grilled asparagus and fried brie with fruit were all very good .	good fried brie with fruit	PAIR
the soup for the udon was soy sauce and water .	soy sauce	UNPAIR
simply some good tasting chinese food at incredible prices . . .	good tasting prices	UNPAIR
hands down the best pizza on the planet .	best planet	UNPAIR
it is set far from the small street it ' s on , and there is no traffic noise .	small traffic noise	UNPAIR
this place is pricey , and yes , the food is worth it ; but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price .	is the	PAIR
at first we were a little taken aback , as this seemed to present a problem , although the restaurant looked fairly empty , but they hastily put the table together for us .	empty restaurant	UNPAIR
it is nearly impossible to get a table , so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner , do not pass it up .	impossible dinner	UNPAIR
i happen to have a policy that goes along with a little bit of self - respect , which includes not letting a waiter intimidate me , i . e . make me feel bad asking for trivialities like water , or the check .	self bit	UNPAIR
i had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible .	last visit	UNPAIR
green tea creme brulee gets better each time i have it .	better green tea creme brulee	PAIR
ambience is so cute and quaint , good for business although we were there on vacation .	quaint ambience	PAIR
good drink .	good drink	PAIR
mizu is the japenese find in grammercy .	japenese grammercy	UNPAIR
the decor was beautiful and unique .	unique decor	PAIR
we thought that this place is using too much of msg cooking in the foods .	much msg cooking	UNPAIR
the food is reliable and the price is moderate .	reliable food	PAIR
once you try it for a special occasion beware . . you ca n ' t stop !	special stop	UNPAIR
the boths are not as small as some of the reviews make them out to look they ' re perfect for 2 people .	not as small boths	PAIR
we are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included : ceviche mix ( special ) , crab dumplings , assorted sashimi , sushi and rolls , two types of sake , and the banana tempura .	particular rolls	UNPAIR
i love margherita pizza – i looove east village pizza	love margherita pizza	PAIR
always a nice crowd , but never loud .	nice crowd	PAIR
the portions are huge , so it might be good to order three things to split ( rather than one appetizer and entree per person ) for two people .	good order	UNPAIR
excellent food , although the interior could use some help .	help food	UNPAIR
food was luke warm .	luke warm food	PAIR
excellent food , although the interior could use some help .	excellent food	PAIR
the real problem i had with this place was the complete lack of service .	lack of service	PAIR
from the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff , i felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it .	spectacular caviar	PAIR
not one of our meals was edible - bland and / or made with weird rosemary or orange flavoring .	weird rosemary or orange flavoring	PAIR
for the people who want great food plus great service , roxy is a place to avoid !	great service	PAIR
i had fish and my husband had the filet - both of which exceeded our expectations .	exceeded our expectations husband	UNPAIR
we had a great time at the jekyll and hyde pub last night .	great time jekyll and hyde pub	PAIR
i would say that all was fine and tasty but the heaviness on my stomach someting that i ca n ' t not mention or undermine .	fine mention	UNPAIR
this place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a restaurant , the food .	trendi place	PAIR
cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most .	romantic tables	UNPAIR
over the years the host , vittorio , and his crew , have always treated me as family - - although with all the business this not - so - little gem does , it amazing he ' s even able to remember a consistent but not - so - frequent visitor .	amazing host	PAIR
after all that , they complained to me about the small tip .	small tip	UNPAIR
the staff was very nice and courteous and obviously chinese .	courteous staff	PAIR
quacamole at pacifico is yummy , as are the wings with chimmichuri .	yummy wings with chimmichuri	PAIR
i recommend it for a night when you want to splurge ! ( it was a bit expensive )	recommend night	UNPAIR
we put in our order and although we ordered 4 appetizers , the food did n ' t arrive until 45 minutes later . . . with our main course .	arrive course	UNPAIR
no desert menu , no apology , nothing ! ! ! ! ! !	nothing desert menu	UNPAIR
noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the must !	must noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice	PAIR
wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the uws !	unappreciative pie	UNPAIR
the atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can .	fast atmosphere	UNPAIR
we went around 9 : 30 on a friday and it had died down a bit by then so the service was great !	great friday	UNPAIR
great pizza for lunch place .	lunch place	UNPAIR
the quantity is also very good , you will come out satisfied .	good quantity	PAIR
we stood there for 10 minutes while employees walked back and forth ignoring us .	ignoring forth	UNPAIR
i literally just got back home after visiting casa la femme and was so offended by my visit felt it necessary to try and warn other diners who value their money and time .	other value	UNPAIR
the pastas are incredible , the risottos ( particularly the sepia ) are fantastic and the braised rabbit is amazing .	incredible pastas	PAIR
one special roll and one regular roll is enough to fill you up , but save room for dessert !	enough regular roll	PAIR
– i will never forget the amazing meal , service , and ambiance i experience at this restaurant .	amazing restaurant	UNPAIR
i was there on sat . for my birthday and we had an excellent time .	excellent time	UNPAIR
the food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates .	fancy food	UNPAIR
and they packaged everything nicely so it did n ' t spill .	nicely everything	UNPAIR
great wine selection , gigondas is worth the price , and the house champagne is a great value .	worth gigondas	PAIR
at best , the food was good and definately overpriced .	overpriced food	PAIR
the dishes offered were unique , very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages , sardines with biscuits , large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream ( the best and freshest i ' ve ever had ) .	amazing pistachio ice cream	PAIR
– mioposto has a very creative & delicious pizza menu .	creative pizza menu	PAIR
the lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with scallops and shrimp is great .	great spaghetti with scallops and shrimp	PAIR
the last time i walked by it looked pretty empty . hmmm .	empty time i	UNPAIR
the seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches .	uncomfortable seats	PAIR
good sushi , high price	good sushi	PAIR
keep up the good work .	good work	UNPAIR
excellent atmosphere , delicious dishes good and friendly service .	excellent dishes	UNPAIR
the first time i went , and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere , i ordered the lobster cobb salad .	taken live jazz band	PAIR
while it is understandable that every place is indeed different , there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude .	uncourteous need	UNPAIR
the drinks are great , especially when made by raymond .	great drinks	PAIR
excellent food for great prices	great food	PAIR
the only beverage we did receive was water in dirty glasses !	only water	UNPAIR
– my first time to dine at this restaurant was with my son and it was absolutely horrible !	horrible time	UNPAIR
they smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone .	canned spinach mushroom calzone	UNPAIR
we were 4 and got the family size penne a la vodka which was tremendously gigantic portion . . . a bucket of food literally .	gigantic bucket	UNPAIR
if you ' re interested in good tasting ( without the fish taste or smell ) , large portions and creative sushi dishes this is your place . . .	large portions	PAIR
in the end our check came to $ 27 for 4 small pancakes , a breakfast burrito , an orange juice and an iced tea ( i had water ) .	small water	UNPAIR
i love this place !	love place	PAIR
even though the place is not beautiful , the food speaks for itself .	not beautiful place	PAIR
they have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great .	great cream cheeses	UNPAIR
mermaid inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood .	good restaurant	UNPAIR
but the service is horrid !	horrid service	PAIR
while i could have done without the youth who shared the evening with us , our wonderful server and food made the experience a very positive one .	positive food	UNPAIR
my friend devoured her chicken and mashed potatos .	devoured chicken and mashed potatos	PAIR
we had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful .	wonderful sauce	PAIR
over all the looks of the place exceeds the actual meals .	exceeds meals	UNPAIR
the desert was the perfect ending to an almost perfect dinner .	perfect dinner	PAIR
if you ’ re planning to come here , make sure that your date is someone whom you really like since you ’ ll be ushered to private booths where there will be no people or food watching ( choose the ones on the ground level that have glass ceilings so you may see the stars in the sky ! ) .	ushered glass ceilings	UNPAIR
nothing on the menu is less than amazing .	amazing menu	PAIR
someone else recommended the dessert - we also left that .	recommended someone	UNPAIR
caution - its real food for people who love the best .	best people	UNPAIR
i ' m astonished that this restaurant is categorized as $ $ $ rather than $ $ $ $ .	astonished restaurant	PAIR
the lunch buffet is expensive but is deff worth it .	expensive lunch buffet	PAIR
also it ' s great to have dinner in a very romantic and comfortable place , the service it ' s just perfect . . . they ' re so frendly that we never want to live the place !	place service	PAIR
the food is prepared quickly and efficiently .	quickly food	UNPAIR
what a tastly , flaky treat !	flaky treat	UNPAIR
when i lived upstate for a while i would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else .	else bagels	UNPAIR
the portion sizes here are huge , and the sushi is good .	good portion sizes	UNPAIR
even the chickpeas , which i normally find too dry , were good .	dry chickpeas	UNPAIR
i happen to have a policy that goes along with a little bit of self - respect , which includes not letting a waiter intimidate me , i . e . make me feel bad asking for trivialities like water , or the check .	bad respect	UNPAIR
the drinks are amazing and half off till 8pm .	amazing till	UNPAIR
this is where it really really gets bad : the manager said , there is absolutely nothing we can do , it ' s a matter of taste that she did n ' t like it , and i can not comp it .	bad nothing	UNPAIR
ambience is so cute and quaint , good for business although we were there on vacation .	good ambience	UNPAIR
the signs , the specials menus , food , and even all the waitstaff are all totally japanese .	japanese specials menus	PAIR
terrible , terrible management - deserves to be shut - down .	terrible management	PAIR
they have a delicious banana chocolate dessert , as well as a great green tea tempura .	great banana chocolate dessert	UNPAIR
the sushi is as fresh as it comes ? you ' d think ocean was in their backyard , no joke !	fresh joke	UNPAIR
if you ' re interested in good tasting ( without the fish taste or smell ) , large portions and creative sushi dishes this is your place . . .	creative sushi dishes	PAIR
the lamb was tender so full of flavor , the dessert was divine ! !	tender lamb	PAIR
the service was exceptional - sometime there was a feeling that we were served by the army of friendly waiters .	exceptional service	PAIR
everything i ' ve had here is good , taco salads , burritos , enchiladas i love this place .	good enchiladas	PAIR
i ' ve had my fair share of modern japanese and this spot delivers .	delivers modern japanese	PAIR
an awesome organic dog , and a conscious eco friendly establishment .	organic dog	PAIR
the in - house lady dj on saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music , and moreover , takes requests .	good taste in - house lady dj	PAIR
i have never ever had such an unpleasant experience .	such experience	UNPAIR
the place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded , but the service is excellent and it ' s great for friends out , a romantic date , or a special occassion .	intimate service	UNPAIR
– how to describe the best sushi in nyc : hmmmm , delicious , amazing , fantastic , suculent , perfect , nah , all of the above .	nah nyc	UNPAIR
i can not imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant .	friendlier restaurant	UNPAIR
however , if you want great food at a great price and do n ' t mind the decor , you ca n ' t beat this place .	great food	PAIR
stick with the chicken , beef , and lamb dishes .	stick chicken	PAIR
this place is not inviting and the food is totally weird .	weird place	UNPAIR
nice food but no spice !	nice spice	UNPAIR
the waiters are very experienced and helpful with pairing your drink choice to your food tastes or vice versa .	experienced food tastes	UNPAIR
be sure to try the seasonal , and always delicious , specials .	delicious specials	PAIR
if you want good authentic thai this place is not the place to go .	good thai	PAIR
nothing on the menu is less than amazing .	less nothing	UNPAIR
a little pricey but it really hits the spot on a sunday morning !	little spot	UNPAIR
great food with an awesome atmosphere !	awesome atmosphere	PAIR
very affordable and excellent ambient !	affordable ambient	UNPAIR
i highly recommend the sophia pizza .	recommend sophia pizza	PAIR
– great drinks , corn beef hash , coffee , b fast burritos , gluten free menu .	free b fast burritos	UNPAIR
the mussles were the fishiest things i ' ve ever tasted , the seabass was bland , the goat cheese salad was missing the goat cheese , the penne w / chicken had bones in it . . . it was disgusting .	missing mussles	UNPAIR
the waitress moved our table practically into the bathroom and when we asked to cancel our dinner orders because we did not want to eat sitting on the toilet , we were told no . . .	table waitress	UNPAIR
even the chickpeas , which i normally find too dry , were good .	good chickpeas	PAIR
i agree that dining at casa la femme is like no other dining experience !	other casa la femme	UNPAIR
i loved everythig about it - especially the shows and actors .	loved shows	PAIR
other guests enjoyed pizza , santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips .	other pizza	UNPAIR
i also ordered the change mojito , which was out of this world .	out of this world change mojito	PAIR
never swaying , never a bad meal , never bad service . . .	never bad service	PAIR
i found a new home and just moved with a long lease .	new lease	UNPAIR
great food , good size menu , great service and an unpretensious setting .	good size service	UNPAIR
my friends settled for rice dishes , but we came back the following day to try the dim sum , which was good . . . not outstanding , but good .	not outstanding dim sum	PAIR
it is terrific , as is the value .	terrific value	UNPAIR
service here was great , food was fantastic .	great food	UNPAIR
the freshest , best variety , and the fastest delivery .	best delivery	UNPAIR
the place is the next best thing to my moms cooking .	best moms	UNPAIR
sometimes i get bad food and bad service , sometimes i get good good and bad service .	good good	PAIR
it has great sushi and even better service .	great sushi	PAIR
love this place , every time we are in the city this is one of the places we always go .	love time	UNPAIR
it ' s a perfect place to have a amazing indian food .	perfect indian food	UNPAIR
the decor in this place is very diner - ish and the kind of place you expect in the east village - not romantic , just simple , small and sparse .	diner - ish decor	PAIR
service is friendly , and never had a problem walking in and getting a table .	friendly service	PAIR
great food with an awesome atmosphere !	great atmosphere	UNPAIR
the outside patio area has an abbreviated menu .	abbreviated menu	PAIR
i am so happy to have a wonderful italian restaurant in my neighborhood .	happy neighborhood	UNPAIR
they tell me they are going to cover the garden in glass for the winter , so i ' m looking forward to going there on a snowy night to enjoy it .	enjoy glass	UNPAIR
the portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter .	large portions	PAIR
groovy music made the dinner casual .	casual dinner	UNPAIR
considering you will spend at least $ 60 a head , i expect better service .	expect better service	PAIR
the view is spectacular , and the food is great .	great food	PAIR
peppers , onions , relish , chilli , cheeses , you name it .	relish chilli	UNPAIR
the food is very average . . . the thai fusion stuff is a bit too sweet , every thing they serve is too sweet here .	average thai fusion stuff	UNPAIR
i did not try the caviar but i tried their salmon and crab salad ( they are all good )	good caviar	UNPAIR
delivery can be spot on or lacking depending on the weather and the day of the week .	lacking week	UNPAIR
the hot dogs were juicy and tender inside and had plenty of crunch and snap on the outside .	juicy plenty	UNPAIR
its dark , and cozy . . there is always jazz music playing when we go .	cozy . . music playing	UNPAIR
the large selection of bruschettas , paninis , tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating .	large selection paninis	PAIR
– as with most restaurants in seattle , mioposto ' s service was bad and the food was overpriced .	bad food	UNPAIR
it was romantic - and even nice even with my sister , reminded me of italy , and had artwork and music that kept up the feeling of being in a mediterrean villa .	romantic music	UNPAIR
the place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening .	beautiful bar scene	UNPAIR
great place , great value .	great place	PAIR
this is a wonderful place on all stand points especially value ofr money .	wonderful place	PAIR
this is a great place to get a delicious meal .	delicious place	UNPAIR
and they give good quantity for the price .	good price	UNPAIR
the waiter was attentive , the food was delicious and the views of the city were great .	attentive food	UNPAIR
it ' s a little out of our price range for dining there except on special occasions , but we ' ve eaten there 6 times in the last 2 years .	special years	UNPAIR
furthermore , while the fish is unquestionably fresh , rolls tend to be inexplicably bland .	fresh fish	PAIR
moules were excellent , lobster ravioli was very salty !	excellent lobster ravioli	UNPAIR
the entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner .	great shows	UNPAIR
i have been doing all of the above at the heartland brewery for over 5 years now and i have never been disappointed !	never been disappointed above	UNPAIR
i picked the grilled black cod as my entree , which i absolutely devoured while someone commented that the grilled salmon dish was better .	better grilled black cod	UNPAIR
the staff was accomodating , the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely .	delicious staff	UNPAIR
if you ' re daring , try the balsamic vinegar over icecream , it ' s wonderful !	wonderful balsamic vinegar over icecream	PAIR
the manager was rude and handled the situation extremely poorly .	poorly situation	UNPAIR
too bad the food was n ' t of the same heritage .	same food	UNPAIR
i was pleasantly surprised to find this gem in hoboken .	surprised gem	UNPAIR
as many other reviewers noticed , your order is often slow to arrive - this is particularly true in the evening but is not a problem during lunch time .	true problem	UNPAIR
everyone must come here at least once .	least everyone	UNPAIR
this small astoria souvlaki spot makes what many consider the best gyros in new york .	best astoria	UNPAIR
the wine list is interesting and has many good values .	good values wine list	PAIR
i have never been so disgusted by both food an service .	disgusted food	PAIR
still , any quibbles about the bill were off - set by the pour - your - own measures of liquers which were courtesey of the house . . .	pour - your - own house	UNPAIR
this is such a lovely , peaceful place to eat outside .	outside place	UNPAIR
everyone raved about the atmosphere ( elegant rooms and absolutely incomparable views ) and the fabulous food !	elegant food	UNPAIR
the food however , is what one might expect .	expect food	PAIR
the portions are big though , so do not order too much .	big portions	PAIR
everything , and i mean everything on the menu is delectable .	delectable everything	UNPAIR
holy hummus !	holy hummus	PAIR
the only beverage we did receive was water in dirty glasses !	dirty water	UNPAIR
the waiters are very experienced and helpful with pairing your drink choice to your food tastes or vice versa .	experienced waiters	PAIR
it ' s a small cute restaurant .	small restaurant	PAIR
great pizza and fantastic service .	fantastic service	PAIR
but when we looked at the menu , there were n ' t a lot of choices , most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section .	most appetizer section	UNPAIR
i have been to roth ' s twice and both times were very disappointing .	disappointing . times	UNPAIR
the bathroom itself is very small with two toilets and only one sink , the girl was staying totally on the way hanging out paper towels from the dispenser .	small bathroom	PAIR
the steak was done to my exact liking ( medium rare ) and was nice and juicy .	medium rare	UNPAIR
everything you want and more , very fresh .	more everything	UNPAIR
this place is not worth the prices .	not worth place	PAIR
love this place , every time we are in the city this is one of the places we always go .	love place	PAIR
i went there for lunch and it was not as good as i expected from the reviews i read .	not as good as i expected lunch	PAIR
i really recommend the very simple unda ( egg ) rolls .	simple unda ( egg ) rolls	PAIR
it was served with skin , over a bed of extremely undercooked spinach and mashed potatoes .	undercooked spinach	PAIR
my best friend had the chicken shawarma and she still raves about it being the best anywhere !	best chicken shawarma	PAIR
after sitting at the bar for over 20 minutes the bar keep had made only 2 drinks & kept telling us she ' d be right with us .	right drinks	UNPAIR
i thanked my friend who recommended me this restaurant and will certainly recommend it to others .	recommend friend	UNPAIR
the wine list is incredible and extensive and diverse , the food is all incredible and the staff was all very nice , good at their jobs and cultured .	nice wine list	UNPAIR
it was n ' t the freshest seafood ever , but the taste and presentation was ok .	ok taste	UNPAIR
not alot of smoking places left in new york , but i have found my favorite smoking balconey in the city .	favorite balconey	PAIR
the bibimbap was average , but the stone bowl was n ' t even close to sizzling .	average bibimbap	PAIR
sunday afternoons there is a band playing and it is lots of fun .	fun band	PAIR
the space is limited so be prepared to wait up to 45 minutes - 1 hour , but be richly rewarded when you savor the delicious indo - chinese food .	delicious space	UNPAIR
my wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it .	huge fried shrimp	PAIR
the chicken pot pie is exceptional , the cheeseburger huge and delictable , and the service professional wan warm .	professional cheeseburger	UNPAIR
the dishes offered were unique , very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages , sardines with biscuits , large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream ( the best and freshest i ' ve ever had ) .	fresh large whole shrimp	UNPAIR
to be completely fair , the only redeeming factor was the food , which was above average , but could n ' t make up for all the other deficiencies of teodora .	deficiencies teodora	PAIR
the fried dumplings are great !	great fried dumplings	PAIR
i read reviews that called the restaurant too expensive and i thought to myself , but may be it is worth it .	expensive reviews	UNPAIR
the owner is belligerent to guests that have a complaint .	belligerent complaint	UNPAIR
patsy ' s pizza = true love	true love patsy ' s pizza	PAIR
my mom originally introduced me to this place , but even she ( being indian ) feels the food can be somewhat over the top spicy and far too oily .	oily food	PAIR
the only drawback is that this place is really expensive and the portions are on the small side .	expensive place	PAIR
the view is breathtaking the service is top notch . . . the ambiance is wonderful .	breathtaking view	PAIR
the service is really attentive and charming .	attentive service	PAIR
the waiter was attentive , the food was delicious and the views of the city were great .	great waiter	UNPAIR
the drinks are always well made and wine selection is fairly priced .	well made drinks	PAIR
the ambience was so fun , and the prices were great , on top of the fact that the food was really tasty .	tasty ambience	UNPAIR
when we sat , we got great and fast service .	great service	PAIR
the staff are friendly and the decor was ethic and colorful .	colorful decor	PAIR
– i really enjoyed my meal here .	enjoyed – i	UNPAIR
it ' s the perfect spot for a romantic date for 2 or a secret rendezvous !	perfect rendezvous	UNPAIR
definitely a great spot for a nice occasion or date .	great date	UNPAIR
my boyfriend had prime rib it was good .	good boyfriend	UNPAIR
great lunch spot	great lunch spot	PAIR
the hostess is rude to the point of being offensive .	offensive hostess	PAIR
this is the most wonderful restaurant in all of new york city , not just brooklyn . . .	wonderful restaurant	PAIR
our visit their to say the least , was an unpleasant and costly experience !	least experience	UNPAIR
try the pad thai , it ' s fabulous and their prices are so cheap !	so cheap pad thai	UNPAIR
management should really take notice and train their waitstaff and teach them some proper manners .	proper waitstaff	UNPAIR
i was almost amused by the fact that she was turning away customers at 9pm on a friday night because she ` ` had a bbq to go to ' ' that night - wtf ? ?	friday customers	UNPAIR
the service was terrible , we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served .	terrible service	PAIR
plenty of food , trust me .	plenty of food	PAIR
my friend from milan and myself were pleasantly surprised when we arrived and everyone spoke italian .	italian friend	UNPAIR
wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the uws !	best pie	PAIR
the porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless , so was the seafood tagliatelle .	tasteless seafood tagliatelle	PAIR
the dinner only took us about an hour and the prices were alright for the strip , almost $ 50 / pp after tax and tip ( about average ) .	alright / pp	UNPAIR
excellent food for great prices	excellent prices	UNPAIR
i think i have probably tried each item on their menu at least once it is all excellent .	excellent item	UNPAIR
this is a nice pizza place with good selection of thin crust pizza including the basil slice .	good pizza place	UNPAIR
– this was great dining experience .	dining experience	UNPAIR
the service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual .	casual service	UNPAIR
this is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates .	nice restaurant	PAIR
the food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back .	horrible food	UNPAIR
what else can you say nice people amazing food wow	nice food	UNPAIR
be sure to try the oyster roll .	sure oyster roll	UNPAIR
it ' s a nice place to relax and have conversation .	nice place	PAIR
we recently decided to try this location , and to our delight , they have outdoor seating , perfect since i had my yorkie with me .	perfect yorkie	UNPAIR
the menu looked great , and the waiter was very nice , but when the food came , it was average .	nice waiter	PAIR
cool atmosphere , the fire place in the back really ads to it but needs a bit more heat throughout on a cold night .	cool atmosphere	PAIR
however , i think this place is a good hang out spot .	good hang	UNPAIR
we were worried we would have trouble getting in , but somehow managed to have a short wait .	short wait	PAIR
we were seated right away , the table was private and nice .	nice table	PAIR
– the sushi here is perfectly good , but for $ 5 a piece , either the slices of fish should be larger , or there should be no pretense that this is a moderately priced restaurant ( even for nyc ) .	good sushi	PAIR
the atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can .	noisy atmosphere	PAIR
i have eaten here three times and have found the quality and variety of the fish to be excellent .	excellent fish	PAIR
the wine list is extensive and impressive .	impressive wine list	PAIR
it was n ' t as if this restaurant had any major bragging points before hand , but now it ' s simply repulsive .	major bragging points	UNPAIR
the music is great , no night better or worse , the bar tenders are generous with the pouring , and the lighthearted atmosphere will lifts you spirits .	great bar tenders	UNPAIR
i am not a vegetarian but , almost all the dishes were great .	great dishes	PAIR
my chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily .	bland chow fun and chow see	PAIR
the regular menu here is slightly above average that is not worth the snotty attitude that you receive .	above average regular menu	PAIR
you ca n ' t go wrong with this place .	ca n ' t go wrong place	PAIR
the food is so cheap and the waiters are nice .	nice food	UNPAIR
one of the best hot dogs i have ever eaten .	hot dogs i	UNPAIR
as a japanese native , i ' ve lived in the tristate area for over 8 years , but i was just so amazed at this place .	amazed place	PAIR
as a retired hipster , i can say with some degree of certainty that for the last year lucky strike has been the best laid - back late night in the city .	last night	UNPAIR
i ' ve had the jellyfish , horse mackerel , blue fin tuna and the sake ikura roll among others , and they were all good .	good others	UNPAIR
the hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out .	rude everything	UNPAIR
but the space is small and lovely , and the service is helpful .	lovely space	PAIR
there ' s another girl who i ca n ' t describe , she is about 5 ' 6 ' ' with brown hair , who eavesdrops on your conversation and chimes in - except she only hears the last part of what you said , so her uninvited opinions are often out of context and nothing to do with what you ' re * really * talking about .	brown girl	UNPAIR
i will be out with friends and all of a sudden i am hungry and i only crave one thing . . . their pizza .	hungry pizza	UNPAIR
the duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world .	out of this world duck confit	UNPAIR
if you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you ' ll love it here .	love music	UNPAIR
i would recommend roxy ' s for that , but not for their food .	recommend roxy	UNPAIR
but the best part about ls is the late night atmosphere , delightfully free of the bts .	free part	UNPAIR
– . . . and the best summertime deck experience - - they will even bring you a blanket if you get cold in the seattle evening weather .	seattle blanket	UNPAIR
i ' ve been to sapphire twice and both times the food was fine , if not good .	good times	UNPAIR
the food is great and they have a good selection of wines at reasonable prices .	reasonable wines	PAIR
they have it all - - great price , food , and service .	great food	PAIR
decent wine at reasonable prices .	decent wine	PAIR
i had yummy lamb korma , saag paneer , samosas , naan , etc .	yummy saag paneer	PAIR
best indian chinese in the city , by far !	best indian chinese	PAIR
there is no excuse for such lousy service !	lousy service	PAIR
open & cool place with the best pizza and coffee	best coffee	PAIR
delivery can be spot on or lacking depending on the weather and the day of the week .	lacking delivery	PAIR
had no flavor and the staff is rude and not attentive .	not attentive staff	PAIR
great value sushi with high quality & nice setting .	value sushi	PAIR
– this is one of my top lunch spots , huge portions , fast service and amazing margaritas ! !	top portions	UNPAIR
ravioli was good . . . but i have to say that i found everything a bit overpriced .	good ravioli	PAIR
over 100 different choices to create your own .	different choices	UNPAIR
the lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with scallops and shrimp is great .	good lobster sandwich	PAIR
seating is always prompt , though the restaurant does fill up in the evening .	prompt evening	UNPAIR
i have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri .	good nigiri	PAIR
my friend devoured her chicken and mashed potatos .	devoured friend	UNPAIR
the location and ambience is ok but the food is what makes up for it .	ok food	UNPAIR
i love margherita pizza – i looove east village pizza	looove east village pizza	PAIR
wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the uws !	unappreciative wait staff	PAIR
in the end you end up with a fair tab and nothing but a great time ! ! !	great time	UNPAIR
prices are in line .	in line prices	UNPAIR
despite a slightly limited menu , everything prepared is done to perfection , ultra fresh and a work of food art .	limited menu	PAIR
serves really good sushi .	good sushi	PAIR
the service was excellent and the food was delicious .	excellent food	UNPAIR
not enough wines by the glass either .	not enough wines by the glass	PAIR
the baked clams octopus we shared as appetizers were the best we ' ve ever had ! !	best appetizers	UNPAIR
if you go , try the marinara / arrabiatta sauce , the mozzarella en carozza is mmmmmmmm . . . . . everything is just delicious .	delicious marinara / arrabiatta sauce	PAIR
so , i switch with my boyfriend again to see if maybe i could stomach the meat and spinach again , but the spinach was so undercooked that i just could not bite through it .	undercooked boyfriend	UNPAIR
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere .	delicious outdoor atmosphere	UNPAIR
as many other reviewers noticed , your order is often slow to arrive - this is particularly true in the evening but is not a problem during lunch time .	slow problem	UNPAIR
this place has totally weird decor , stairs going up with mirrored walls - i am surprised how no one yet broke their head or fall off the stairs - mirrored walls make you dizzy and delusional . . .	dizzy mirrored walls	PAIR
excellent food , nice ambience , fairly expensive	expensive food	UNPAIR
food is great and inexpensive .	great food	PAIR
prefer to order it and pick it up though because i do n ' t like the servers , one young woman in particular .	n ' t like order	UNPAIR
great open and friendly ambience .	open ambience	PAIR
i know many people have their favorite types of pizza and pizza places , but mioposto ' s pizza lacks quality and good taste .	lacks quality pizza	PAIR
freshest sushi – i love this restaurant .	freshest sushi	PAIR
my husband and i have been sold on this from the first visit .	first visit	UNPAIR
i come from a family of pizzeria owners , and i ' m almost ashamed to say that the pizza in fornino ' s blows my families receipies away .	ashamed fornino	UNPAIR
super yummy pizza !	yummy pizza	PAIR
the manager continually interrupted with ` ` is there anything else i can do for you ? ` ` , a strange comment because she had hardly listened , let alone responded to our expression of disappointment at our experience .	disappointment expression	UNPAIR
good sake , good food – i honestly do n ' t know much about japanese food at all .	good sake	PAIR
yes , the place is classy and beautiful , but they most certainly target the uber whealthy not the common joe that wants to go all out every once in a while .	beautiful place	PAIR
my son and his girlfriend both wanted cheeseburgers and they were huge !	huge son	UNPAIR
wine list selection is good and wine - by - the - glass was generously filled to the top .	good wine - by - the - glass	UNPAIR
in the summer months , the back garden area is really nice .	nice summer months	UNPAIR
this place has totally weird decor , stairs going up with mirrored walls - i am surprised how no one yet broke their head or fall off the stairs - mirrored walls make you dizzy and delusional . . .	weird mirrored walls	UNPAIR
everything i ' ve had here is good , taco salads , burritos , enchiladas i love this place .	good burritos	PAIR
there was a really nice vibe about the place . . . good music , atmosphere and happy looking people .	happy people	PAIR
the food was average to above - average ; the french onion soup filling yet not overly impressive , and the desserts not brilliant in any way .	average to above - average french onion soup	UNPAIR
– this was great dining experience .	great experience	UNPAIR
the manager continually interrupted with ` ` is there anything else i can do for you ? ` ` , a strange comment because she had hardly listened , let alone responded to our expression of disappointment at our experience .	disappointment manager	PAIR
you would think they would make up for it with service , sadly , no .	sadly service	PAIR
– this place is famous for their breakfast .	famous breakfast	PAIR
they forgot a sandwich , did n ' t include plastic forks , and did n ' t include pita with the hummus platter .	plastic forks	UNPAIR
its location is good and the fact that hutner college is near and their prices are very reasonable , makes students go back to suan again and again .	reasonable location	UNPAIR
and even with it ' s pub atmosphere they were great to my kids too !	great pub	UNPAIR
i picked the grilled black cod as my entree , which i absolutely devoured while someone commented that the grilled salmon dish was better .	devoured grilled black cod	PAIR
the portions are huge , so it might be good to order three things to split ( rather than one appetizer and entree per person ) for two people .	good person	UNPAIR
fabulous italian food !	fabulous italian food	PAIR
the manager continually interrupted with ` ` is there anything else i can do for you ? ` ` , a strange comment because she had hardly listened , let alone responded to our expression of disappointment at our experience .	disappointment comment	UNPAIR
the food was amazing , and the service was prompt and helpful , but not over - bearing or rushed .	helpful service	PAIR
considering you will spend at least $ 60 a head , i expect better service .	least head	UNPAIR
the staff is pretty friendly .	friendly staff	PAIR
– i am exceedingly pleased to report that my dinner at ray ' s boathouse last friday completely exceeded my expectations .	pleased ray ' s boathouse	PAIR
once you step into cosette , you ' re miraculously in a small , off - the - beaten path parisian bistro .	off - the - beaten cosette	PAIR
luckily we saved room for the bbq salmon , sea bass and crispy duck .	luckily sea bass	PAIR
rao ' s has the best service and atmosphere in nyc .	best rao	UNPAIR
it was n ' t as if this restaurant had any major bragging points before hand , but now it ' s simply repulsive .	repulsive restaurant	PAIR
the ambience was so fun , and the prices were great , on top of the fact that the food was really tasty .	fun ambience	PAIR
in other words , if they are n ' t making $ $ off of you then you do n ' t rate high on their ' service scale ' .	other rate high	UNPAIR
fresh ingrediants and super tasty .	fresh ingrediants	PAIR
i would recommend roxy ' s for that , but not for their food .	recommend roxy	UNPAIR
both times i was extremely dissappointed by the service , which was boarderline rude .	rude service	PAIR
this place is pricey , and yes , the food is worth it ; but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price .	 the	UNPAIR
the food is great and they make a mean bloody mary .	mean bloody mary	PAIR
the place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded , but the service is excellent and it ' s great for friends out , a romantic date , or a special occassion .	excellent service	PAIR
sushi experience was unbelievable with my fiance .	unbelievable fiance	UNPAIR
my friends settled for rice dishes , but we came back the following day to try the dim sum , which was good . . . not outstanding , but good .	good dim sum	PAIR
oh yeah . . . the view was good , too .	good view	PAIR
downtown dinner 2002 - prixe fix : appetizers were ok , waiter gave me poor suggestion . . . try the potato stuff kanish best one .	poor waiter	PAIR
this is such a lovely , peaceful place to eat outside .	lovely place	PAIR
– i have been eating at this place for over 8 years now and i have never had one bad meal .	bad years	UNPAIR
pizza - the only pizza in nyc that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best , freshly baked bread !	freshly baked pizza	UNPAIR
first off , the food came fast and all together : ) i like that . . . i hate the pretentiousness of things coming in one after the other .	fast food	UNPAIR
the food was delicious but do not come here on a empty stomach .	empty stomach	UNPAIR
rao is a good restaurant , but it ' s nothing special .	good rao	PAIR
over all it was a very nice romantic place .	nice place	PAIR
rude service , medicore food . . . there are tons of restaurants in ny . . . stay away from this one	medicore service	UNPAIR
personally i like the margherita pizza better , but they are all good .	like margherita pizza	PAIR
the dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over - - how refreshing !	refreshing music	UNPAIR
i book a gorgeous white organza tent which included a four course prix fix menu which we enjoyed a lot .	enjoyed white organza tent	UNPAIR
yes , the prices are high , but i felt it was worth it .	worth prices	UNPAIR
nice atmosphere , the service was very pleasant and the desert was good .	good service	UNPAIR
although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great .	regular lettuce	UNPAIR
my wife had barely touched that mess of a dish .	mess wife	UNPAIR
